---
title: Request Associations v4
layout: reference

---
# Request Associations v4

The Report Request Associations v4 API can be used to retrieve the requests associated with a specific report.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This API is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the API.

## <a name="products-editions"></a>Products and Editions

* Concur Expense Professional Edition
* Concur Expense Standard Edition

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Name| Description|Endpoint
---|---|---
`expense.report.read`| Get information about request associations. | GET |
`expense.report.readwrite`| Read and write request associations.        | GET |

## Dependencies <a name="dependencies"></a>

SAP Concur clients must purchase Concur Expense in order to use this API. User based API requires the use of the [Identity v4 API](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Please contact your SAP Concur representative for more information.

## Access Token Usage <a name="access-token-usage"></a>

This API supports both company level and user level access tokens.

## Retrieves Associated Requests on a Specific Report ID <a name="specific-report"></a>

Retrieves the requests that are associated with a specific report ID.

### Scopes

* `expense.report.read` - Refer to [Scope Usage](#scope-usage) for full details.
* `expense.report.readwrite` - Refer to [Scope Usage](#scope-usage) for full details.

### URI

```shell
/expensereports/v4/users/{userId}/context/{contextType}/reports/{reportId}/requestassociations
```

#### Parameters

|Name|Type|Format|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
`userID`|`string`|-| **Required** The unique identifier of the SAP Concur user. Please use [Identity v4 API](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) to retrieve the `userID`. |
`contextType`|`string`|-| **Required** The access level of the user, which determines the form fields they can view/modify. Supported values: `TRAVELER`,`MANAGER`, `PROCESSOR`,`PROXY`|
`reportId`|`string`|-| **Required** The unique identifier of the report that is being read.|

### Payloads

  * Request: None
  * Response: [Report Request Associations Response](#requestassociations-response-schema)

### Examples

#### Requests

```shell
curl -X 'GET' \
  'https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/f0257b7a-3f13-4b74-bb9f-66c9020cfb29/context/TRAVELER/reports/28BA437223EE41A49F7B/requestassociations' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer {access_token}' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```

#### <a name="requestassociations-response-schema"></a> Response

```shell
{
  "requests": [
    {
      "id": "6A51F1B24A419543A647DDF523F94C3F"
    }
  ]
}
```
#### <a name="requests-data-schema"></a> Request

|Name|Type|Format|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
`id`|`string`|-| **Required** The unique identifier of the request associated with a report. |

### <a name="error-message-schema"></a>Error Message

|Name|Type|Format|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
`customResponseData`|`object`|-|The custom parameters related to error.|
`errorId`|`string`|-|The unique identifier of the error associated with the response.|
`errorMessage`|`string`|-| **Required** The detailed error message.|
`httpStatus`|`string`|-| **Required** The HTTP response code and phrase for the response.|
`path`|`string`|-| **Required** The URI of the attempted request.|
`timestamp`|`string`|`date-time`| **Required** The time when the error was captured.|
`validationErrors`|[`ValidationError`](#validation-error-schema)|-|The validation error messages.|

### <a name="validation-errors-schema"></a>Validation Error

|Name|Type|Format|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
`id`|`string`|-|The ID of the validation error.|
`message`|`string`|-|The detailed message of the validation error.|
`source`|`string`|-|The type of validation which failed.|
