---
title: Travel Extension v4
layout: reference
---

# Travel Extension v4

This endpoint is available to clients and partners who utilize [User Provisioning v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html) to provision or modify users in the Concur Travel extension. It allows callers to retrieve values for the Concur Travel user that have been provisioned via User Provisioning. For partners or TMCs who need to retrieve additional Travel Profile data that is not supported here, please use [Travel Profile v2 API](/api-reference/travel-profile/v2.profile-service.html).

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This API is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the API.

## <a name="products-editions"></a>Products and Editions

* Concur Travel Professional Edition
* Concur Travel Standard Edition

## Scope Usage <a name="scope-usage"></a>

Name|Description|Endpoint|
---|---|---|
 `travel.user.general.read`|Reads general data.|GET|
 `travel.user.private.read`|Reads private data.|GET|

## Dependencies <a name="dependencies"></a>

SAP Concur clients must use the User Provisioning v4 API to provision users in order to use this endpoint to retrieve user data.

## Access Token Usage <a name="access-token-usage"></a>

This API supports only company access tokens.

## Retrieve Travel User Data <a name="create-resource"></a>

Retrieves the information of a SAP Concur Travel user.

### Scopes

*  `travel.user.general.read` - Refer to [Scope Usage](#scope-usage) for full details.
*  `travel.user.private.read` - Refer to [Scope Usage](#scope-usage) for full details.


#### URI

```shell
GET /profile/travel/v4/Users
```

##### Parameters

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`string`|`UUID`|The SAP Concur UUID of the user.

### Examples

#### Request

```shell
GET https://www.us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/travel/v4/Users/2d2f6adc-c8cf-4ae1-9416-38cda16761a1
```

#### Response

```shell
   {
    "id": "2d2f6adc-c8cf-4ae1-9416-38cda16761a1",
    "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:travel:2.0:User": {
        "ruleClass": {
            "name": "Test Rule Class",
            "id": 624905
        },
        "travelCrsName": "Testing Name",
        "name": {
            "namePrefix": "Prof Dr Mr",
            "givenName": "John",
            "hasNoMiddleName": false,
            "middleName": "Joe",
            "familyName": "Doe",
            "honorificSuffix": "VI"
        },
        "travelNameRemark": "Testing",
        "gender": "Male",
        "orgUnit": "OrgUnit1",
        "customFields": [
            {
                "name": "Canary ID",
                "value": "837373_updated"
            },
            {
                "name": "Customer User Field",
                "value": "Option 1 Vaue"
            },
            {
                "name": "Test Custom Field",
                "value": "8373738383"
            },
            {
                "name": "Test Evolvi"
            },
            {
                "name": "trainline department 2"
            },
            {
                "name": "trainline employe id 3"
            },
            {
                "name": "trainline trip purpose 1"
            }
        ],
        "manager": {
            "value": "824CCAA3-DDAF-4912-B46A-BBEB4ED1D089",
            "employeeNumber": "John4_29_4_EmployeeNumber"
        },
        "groups": [
            143519481
        ]
    }
}
```

## Schema <a name="schema"></a>

### <a name="travel-extension"></a>Travel Extension

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`name`|`object`|-|The user's name.
`name.familyName`|`string`|-|Travel family name of user.
`name.givenName`|`string`|-|Travel given name of user.
`name.hasNoMiddleName`|`boolean`|-|Flag for if user has no middle name.
`name.honorificSuffix`|`string`|-|Travel honorific suffix of user.
`name.middleName`|`string`|-|Travel middle name of user.
`name.namePrefix`|`string`|-|Travel name prefix of user.
`ruleClass`|`object`|-|**Required** Assigns the Concur Travel rule class for the travel user. Either Rule Class ID **or** Rule Class Name should be provided. Value must exactly match Travel Class name maintained in Travel.
`travelNameRemark`|`string`|-|Concur Travel name remark. Can be used by TMCs to distinguish profiles where companies have multiple users with the same name.
`travelCrsName`|`string`|-|The name of the profile in the GDS system or GDS profile name. This value associates a Concur Travel profile to the GDS profile.
`orgUnit`|`string`|-|Org unit for the user. Value must exactly match an Org unit or division value setup for the company.
`groups`|`integer`|-|List of user groups that user belongs to for assigning travel roles. Group ID can be found under: User Administration -> (Search for user) -> Travel Settings "User Group Membership (Group Id)"
`gender`|`string`|-|Gender of the travel user. Supported values: `Female`, `Male`
`manager`|`object`|-|Travel approver of this user. Must have value that is UUID and/or Employee Number of the Manager
`employeeNumber`|`string`|-|The referenced manager user's employee number.|
`value`|`string`|-|The referenced managers user's UUID.|
`customFields`|`object`|-|User can set values to custom data fields.
`name`|`string`|-|The name of the custom fields. Fields names can be found under: Administration -> Company Admin -> Manage Custom Fields.
`value`|`string`|-|The value of the custom field.


### <a name="schema-error"></a>Error

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`errorCode`|`string`|-|**Required** Machine readable code associated with the error.
`errorMessage`|`string`|-|**Required** Message associated with the error.
