---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, October 2021
layout: reference
---

# API Release Notes, October 2021

## New This Month

### Planned Change: Report Details v2 API Vulnerability Patch

We will be adding additional security to the Report Details v2 API. Current callers may receive a `401 - Unauthorized` response if using an unauthorized admin OAuth token to access reports.

### Travel Profile v2 API Allows Optional Active Parameter in Profile Summary

Travel Profile v2 accepts the `Active` parameter to get a list of travel profile summaries. This allows callers to filter results to only `Active` or `Inactive` profiles.
* if `Active` is left off entirely then all users that fit the other parameters specified are returned (so it’s backwards compatible).
* if `Active`= `1` then only active users are returned.
* if `Active`= `0` then only inactive users are returned.

For more information, please refer to the [reference documentation](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/travel-profile/v2.profile-resource.html#get-a-list-of-travel-profile-summaries).

### Enhanced Release Note Experience

Beginning October 15th, 2021, we will be adopting a biweekly release note cadence and updated user experience. More frequent updates will allow our users to have the most current information.

### Request v4 API Event Subscription Service Topic Available

We have introduced a Request Status Changed event using the Event Subscription Service API on the public.concur.request topic. Customers and partners will be able to subscribe to events that will be published as the request traverses through the workflow.

Notification when a request is at a workflow step avoids the need for a client to keep polling via APIs at regular intervals to identify reports that are in a particular status. The event message bus is a reliable medium for receiving these notifications and will simplify the sequence of calls required to complete the use cases for clients and partners.

### Request v4 – New View Parameter Value for GET List of Existing Request Endpoint

We have introduced a new `ACTIVEAPPROVED` view parameter for the GET List of existing Requests endpoint.

The current `ACTIVE` view parameter enables Request API consumers to retrieve the list of all active Requests for a given traveler. The addition of the new `ACTIVEAPPROVED` view parameter will enable to restrict the list of Request to approved Requests for a given traveler.

### Request v4 API – New eventRequest field within the GET Detail of an existing Request endpoint

We have introduced a new `eventRequest` field within the GET Detail of an existing Request endpoint.

The new `eventRequest` field will enable to display the parent Event Request to which the child Request is related, if created from an Event Request.

### Request v4 API – Additional information provided for the extensionOf field within the GET Detail of an existing Request endpoint

We have enhanced the existing `extensionOf` field within the GET Detail of an existing Request endpoint.

The existing `extensionOf` field will display, in addition to the `RequestID` (short ID) already provided, the unique identifier of the Request as well as the hyperlink to the get detail endpoint of this Request.

### New IP Address Range For Callouts

On October 25th, a new IP address range for callouts will be released. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/ReleaseNotes/ExpRN_2021/ExpStdRN21_10_Cli_D.pdf).

## Ongoing

### OAuth 2.0 Migration

We will be converting from the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication method. This effort will be taking place starting in the third quarter of 2021 and will conclude by the end of the second quarter of 2022.

Any existing partners, Client Web Service (CWS) clients, and clients with a Hosted Customer Connector using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) will need to be converted to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. If you are a partner or a client using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method, we will be reaching out and will provide communication on how to convert to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. Clients with a Hosted Custom Connector will be handled by the SAP Concur Development team.

For more information, please refer to [Authentication](/api-reference/authentication/getting-started.html).

With the ongoing effort of the authentication conversion project, we will be placing the Register Partner Application UI into a read-only state. Existing customers who still access or use this UI would now only be able to view their legacy authentication applications. Clients will be unable to create net-new or modify their existing legacy authentication applications.

With the launch of the Company Request Token Self-Service Tool and the Self-Service Tool for Application Management in July 2021, Clients should begin utilizing these tools and UI to create Oauth 2.0 applications. If you feel that your company has a proper business case to create a net-new legacy authentication application, please submit an SAP Concur Support case. The support case will be reviewed and either approved or denied. We will only allowing exceptions for the creation of net new legacy authentication applications until September 20th, 2021.

### Application Connector Username and Password Length Requirements Updated

Changes are being made to the length of usernames and passwords associated with application connectors. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesCPS_CCC.htm).

### Updated Naming Convention for Sub-URLs

Changes are being made to the naming conventions of sub-urls. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/ReleaseNotes/ExpRN_2021/ExpStdRN21_06_Cli_F.pdf).

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#ongoing-user-v1)|Deprecation of User v1|User v1 service will be deprecated. User v1 service can be replaced with either the upcoming User Provisioning service and/or the [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) service. Both of these services enable callers to CRUD user’s core/identity profile information like UUID, name, address, email, etc.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#ongoing-hotel-v1)|Decommission of Hotel Service v1|Following the deprecation of Hotel Service v1 APIs in March 2019, we will be decommissioning the Hotel Service v1 APIs on December 31, 2021. Any configuration that uses hotel content connectors that rely on HSv1 will be affected. Please reference the Hotel Service Travel Service Guide for a list of connectors. If you are a client of one of these connectors, please work with your TMC or administrator to switch to an HSv2 connection and/or GDS for your hotel content needs.
[07/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-07-16.html#planned-dep-user)|User v3 API|We will be deprecating the User v3 API in a future release due to less secure authentication methods.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[04/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|Effective July 1, 2020, these APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API. We have run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-list-item)|Request v4 - Link to List Item Endpoint|In October 2021, we will be introducing a new link toward the List Item endpoint for Request custom fields related to a List. The List Item API will enable Request consumers to have a better interaction with custom fields related to a List (create/update custom fields related to a List). To enable a better interaction between Concur APIs, a new link will be provided within the Request `customField` schema to redirect to the corresponding List Item endpoint of the List API.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-cash-advance)|Request v4 - Deprecation of the Request Cash Advance Endpoint|Effective October, 1st 2021, Concur Request will deprecate the [Request Cash Advance detail endpoint](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/request/v4.endpoints.cashadvance-resources.html). Effective beginning of November 2021, the Request Cash Advance List endpoint will redirect consumers to the Retrieve a Cash Advance endpoint, part of the Cash Advance v4 API.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-endpoint)|Request v4 - Agency Proposal Endpoint|In Q4 2021, we will release an additional Request v4 API endpoint that will offer the ability for travel agencies to interact with Concur Request to submit travel itineraries directly into a request, via the agency proposal feature with Request v4 API.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-parameter)|Invoice Pay v4 GET Call Parameter|GET calls will have the option to use the new `invoiceId` parameter to retrieve payment information and the ERP Document ID associated to the invoice. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-patch)|Invoice Pay v4 PATCH Endpoint|With the new PATCH, the invoice will be updated with the `erpDocumentNumber` value in the body whenever an `invoiceId` is passed as part of the API URL. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
