---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, September 2022
layout: reference
---

# API Release Notes, September 2022

## New This Month

### Spend Documents v4 API Available

The Spend Documents v4 API allows retrieval of digital receipts, either standalone or in conjunction with the existing APIs used to retrieve expense report data and associated documents (Reports v3, Report Details v2, Image v1).

This API supports the downloading of the following compliance documents:

*	Fapiao OFD upladed via the SAP Concur WeChat Mini app
*	GRDC documents uploaded via SAP Concur Mobile

This new capability provides an automated way of retrieving eFapaio documents, standalone or in conjunction with the associated expense data, via standard APIs. This enables customers to retrieve documents in order to satisfy their e-archiving and tax audit obligations.

### Invoice Payment Confirmation v4 API Available

A new version of the Invoice Payment Confirmation API has been released. This API supports:

*	Endpoints to retrieve new invoice payments for payment methods processed through Invoice Pay features (ACH, Check, Card Voucher, Payment Provider).
*	Endpoints to retrieve previously extracted invoice payments for payment methods through Invoice Pay features (ACH, Check, Card Voucher, Payment Provider).
*	Endpoints to update invoices with payment information that are paid outside of SAP Concur systems and not through Invoice Pay features.

### Cash Advance v4.1 API Available

The Cash Advance v4.1 API can be used to create, view, and issue a cash advance. This upgrades the Cash Advance v4 API by removing an extra `value` field in `GET` endpoints, and changing an `amount` field in `POST` endpoints to `string` to create consistency among SAP APIs.

### Hotel Service v4 API Updated and Testing Tools Available

The Hotel Service v4 API has been updated with the following changes:

* Support for `PreferenceLevel` element in `HotelProperty` (in search response) to allow the specifying of preferences at chain level.
* Support for confirmation code to be added to passive segments (`PASSIVE_CONFIRMATION_CODE`) in booking response.
* Support for specifying whether a booking is modifiable or not (`isModifiable`) in booking response.
* Support for controlling whether the amount that gets displayed for rates includes or excludes taxes (`isTotalBeforeTaxDisplayEligible` to `TotalPrice` in rates response).

New functional and non-functional testing tools are now available for help with API development. Details have also been added about error handling for all API responses.

### Planned Change: Deprecation of Cash Advance v4 API

Effective October 1st, 2022, we will be deprecating the Cash Advance v4 API. This has been replaced by the release of Cash Advance v4.1. Decommission will follow.

## Ongoing

### Migration of Test Entities & Production Sandbox Environment

Some SAP Concur users use Production Sandbox Environment (PSE) entities to set up, test, and train on new configurations prior to deploying them to their live production entity. SAP Concur plans to migrate PSEs as part of our move to Amazon Web Services (AWS). For more information, please see the **Test Entities: Production Sandbox Environment** release note in the August [Shared Release Notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

### IP Address Range for Callouts

Beginning in August and continuing through the end of 2022, servers that support SAP Concur callouts in the US & EMEA datacenters will be upgraded. For more information on this release note, please see the August [Shared Release Notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#ongoing-user-v1)|Deprecation of User v1|User v1 service will be deprecated. User v1 service can be replaced with either the upcoming User Provisioning service and/or the [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) service. Both of these services enable callers to CRUD user’s core/identity profile information like UUID, name, address, email, etc.
[07/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-07-16.html#planned-dep-user)|User v3 API|We will be deprecating the User v3 API in a future release due to less secure authentication methods.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[04/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|Effective July 1, 2020, these APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API. We have run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[05/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-05-19.html)|Filters for Identity v4 API|We will be releasing SCIM formatted search filters for the Identity v4 API based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality will allow users to use attributes, logical operators, and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.
[04/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-04-08.html)|User Provisioning v4 API Available|The User Provisioning Service will allow users to create, update, and replace users. This will allow faster and increased access to user data attributes. Once a user is provisioned, the user identity will be created in Profile, Travel and Spend.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|Account Termination Date Will be in UTC for Travel Profile v2|The Account Termination Date will be returned in UTC. This will provide a consistent time and date reference for all users and all data centers.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|UUID is Returned in Success Response When New User Created via Travel Profile v2 API|Travel Profile v2 will return the user’s UUID synchronously in the success response. This will allow external systems that sync data with the API to have a unique identifier for the user’s profile immediately and use it on subsequent calls to update the user’s profile.
[10/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-10-15.html)|Report Details v2 API Vulnerability Patch|We will be adding additional security to the Report Details v2 API. Current callers may receive a `401 - Unauthorized` response if using an unauthorized admin OAuth token to access reports.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-cash-advance)|Request v4 - Deprecation of the Request Cash Advance Endpoint|Initially planned for October 2021, Concur Request will soon deprecate the [Request Cash Advance detail endpoint](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/request/v4.endpoints.cashadvance-resources.html). Date will be communicated in future communications.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-parameter)|Invoice Pay v4 GET Call Parameter|GET calls will have the option to use the new `invoiceId` parameter to retrieve payment information and the ERP Document ID associated to the invoice. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-patch)|Invoice Pay v4 PATCH Endpoint|With the new PATCH, the invoice will be updated with the `erpDocumentNumber` value in the body whenever an `invoiceId` is passed as part of the API URL. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
