---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, March 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, March 2023

## New This Month

### Document Compliance Gateway v4 API Available

The Document Compliance Gateway v4 API manages the transmission of an XML receipt file to a validating vendor. Vendors can implement the API to read the XML file sent to SAP Concur systems by the end user from an approved email. They can also validate the XMLs against government records and return the validation result. In addition, the vendor can read and parse the XML file to provide tax relevant data for creating an expense entry.

This API supports an improved and efficient process for XML validation. The end user will receive an XML validation result prior to the expense creation, as well as return and resubmission of the expense reports. The API also uses the data from XML file to initiate the expense line item, eliminating the need for manual input.

Currently, the API supports validating XML documents for Mexico called *Comprobantes Fiscal Digital por Internet (CFDi)*.

### Document Compliance Gateway Event Available

With the release of the Document Compliance Gateway v4 API, we have also released a Document Tax Compliance event to be used with our Event Subscription Service.

### Concur Request Has Introduced a New travelExceptionReasonCode Field 

Concur Request has introduced a new `travelExceptionReasonCode` field within the Get Detail of an Expected Expense endpoint at the segment level. The new `travelExceptionReasonCode` field will enable display of the out of policy Travel Reason Code part of Request self-booked segment, when created from an out of policy trip into Concur Travel (in the Book then approve booking process).

>Note: The Travel Reservation Exception Reason Code is not yet available for RENFE bookings, which are made through the new Travel Evolution solution.

For more information, please refer to the [Concur Request: Audit Rules Setup Guide](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/_Current/SG_Req/Req_SG_Audit_Rules.pdf).

The feature is automatically available; there are no additional configuration or activation steps.

### Planned Changes: Purchase Order Receipts Cannot be Deleted if Matched to an Invoice

In an upcoming release, the ability to delete Purchase Order Receipts by the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API if an invoice is matched to it will no longer be available. The current behavior allows Purchase Order Receipts to be deleted if an invoice is matched to it. This is different than the behavior for manually deleting Purchase Order Receipts which prevents a receipt from being deleted if matched to an invoice.

This update provides behavior parity for deleting Purchase Order Receipts manually and via the file import or API.

If a Purchase Order Receipt is matched to an invoice and the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API is used to delete the receipt, then the receipt will not be deleted. An error message will provide the reason and identify the invoice(s) matched to the Purchase Order Receipt.

This change occurs automatically.

## Ongoing

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

The decommission of Concur Request v1 API is planned on May 31st, 2023. An additional delay has been granted for clients calling the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to enable the move to the use the Event Subscription Services (ESS) to subscribe to the Request events. A decommission date for the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 has not yet been defined, however please work with your SAP Concur representative to move to the Request events as soon as possible for the Request External Validation feature in anticipation of this coming decommission date.
 
## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation of Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1)|Effective March 1st, 2020, the Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1) have been deprecated. They have been replaced by [Request v4](/api-reference/request/v4.get-started.html). Decommission will follow on May 31st, 2023.
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until November 30, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
[05/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-05-19.html)|Filters for Identity v4 API|We will be releasing SCIM formatted search filters for the Identity v4 API based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality will allow users to use attributes, logical operators, and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.
