---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, September 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, September 2023

## New This Month

### Now Available: Launch External URL v4 Callout for Concur Request

The Launch External URL v4 callout enables Concur Request to display a field with a button that launches a separate browser window when clicked. The window is controlled by an application connector, created by a third-party developer or the client. The application connector is a web server that presents information in the window.

The Launch External URL v4 callout gives clients and third-party developers the ability to extend the functionality of the SAP Concur platform, providing a means to deliver custom user interactions, or access functionality found in an external system.

The Launch External URL v4 callout will be available for Concur Request, in additional to Concur Expense  (available since January 2021) within the SAP Concur mobile app and NextGen UI at the Request Header, Request Entry, or Allocation levels. The Launch External URL v4 callout will provide enhanced security benefits, such as leveraging the latest SAP Concur API authentication methods. The Launch External URL v4 will also offer additional parameters and will work in conjunction with our more advanced v4 APIs.

The Launch External URL callout is activated through the Application Connector Registration process through Web Services.

### Now Available: Deeplink URL Integration Available for Concur Request

An integration into Concur Request for end users will be provided end of September to review Requests at the click of a button. A deeplink URL can be created by customers and partners that can be used by end users to access Requests. Users can review their own Requests or approvers/auditors can review Requests that have been routed to them.

Customers and partners can extend SAP Concur solutions functionality by creating deeplinks directly to Requests. This can provide direct access to Requests individually or to the Request landing page from a third party application.

This feature is automatically available; there are no additional configuration or activation steps.

### Now Available: Attendee Associations v4

We have released Attendee Associations v4 to retrieve (GET) a list of attendee IDs associated with an expense.  

Attendee Associations v4 can be used in conjunction with Attendees v4. The Attendee Associations API returns a list of attendee IDs.  The Attendees API can then be used to retrieve details for each attendee (name, company, and other attributes).  

### Now Available: Comments v4 API New Endpoints

We have released additional endpoints to the Comments v4 API. These endpoints will allow the ability to create, update, and delete the comments of reports and expenses.

### Now Available: Request v4 API – Allocations Endpoint

We have released an additional Request v4 API endpoint that will offer the ability to get the detail of an existing allocation and to update an existing allocation within a Request.

This new endpoint provides added value to the existing Request v4 API, which already offers the ability for a user to interact with Concur Request to perform the following:

* Get the list of existing Requests.
* Get the detailed information of existing Requests.
* Create, Read, Update, or Delete an existing Request.
* Move an existing Request through the approval flow.
* Get the list of Expected Expenses (including trip segments) in a Request.
* Create, Read, Update, or Delete an expected expense (including trip segments) for a Request.
* Get the list of Request policies assigned to a given user.
* Get information of a travel agency office.

This additional endpoint enables consumers to get the detail of an existing allocation and to update an existing allocation within a Request.

### SAP Concur Sign In Page Updated

On June 27, 2023, SAP Concur updated the SAP Concur sign in page. These changes improve the functionality and ease-of-use of the SAP Concur sign in page. For more information see the [Client Release Notes](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

### Planned Change: Funds and Grants Integration

In October 2023 we will be releasing Funds and Grants Integration functionality that provides a complete, integrated Funds & Grants solution for Travel & Expense. The solution facilitates streamlined cost management and accounting of spend, enabling organizations to:

* Spend can be properly allocated to the right funds, grants, and budgets within external systems.
* Spend can be reserved before it is disbursed/reimbursed.
* Spend can be drawn from specific budgets without human intervention.
* Control of spend can be gated and managed by individuals through the SAP Concur solution’s workflows.
* Integration is available for both SAP and non-SAP financial systems via published APIs.

### Now Available: Attendees v4

We have released Attendees v4  to retrieve (GET) attendees.

It can be used to:

* Retrieve attendee information based on a single attendee id or a list of attendee ids: (i.e. those associated with an expense for a given user).
* Retrieve all attendees for a given user.

### Planned Change: Upcoming Travel Profile API 2.0 Gender Diversity Support

All partners and customers currently using Travel Profile API 2.0 will need to prepare their systems to support two new Gender values: Unknown and Unspecified
 
The support for those new values is planned to be released in Q1 2024. To prevent disruptions or synchronization errors, any software being used to connect to our Travel Profile API 2.0 must support those values by end of Q4 2023.

## Ongoing

### Annual SSL Certificate Renewal

To ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, the concursolutions.com and api.concursolutions.com SSL certificates are updated on an annual basis. The current certificates will expire on September 29, 2023 (.concursolutions.com) and September 10, 2023 (.api.concursolutions.com). SAP Concur plans to issue new certificates at 11PM PDT on August 24, 2023.

Clients who have not pinned the expiring certificate do not need to take any action as their expiring certificate will be renewed automatically. Most clients do not pin the certificate.

Clients who have pinned the expiring certificate must update to the new certificate before the new certificate is issued at 11PM PDT on August 24, 2023.

Clients who have pinned the certificate and who do not update it with the new certificate by 11PM PDT on August 24, 2023, will experience disruption to SAP Concur products and services.

To avoid disruption of service, clients who pin their security certificates must pin both the RSA and ECDSA certificates. The new certificates can be accessed from the following web pages:

* [.concursolutions.com ECDSA](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)  
* [.concursolutions.com RSA](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)
* [.api.concursolutions.com ECDSA](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)
* [.api.concursolutions.com RSA](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)

### Decommission of User v1 Password Endpoint

The decommission of the User v1 password endpoint will occur on July 28th, 2023. Clients that have not yet moved to the Concur Request v4 APIs will have until July 28th, 2023 to make the required changes. After the decommission date, the endpoint will no longer be available in Production, in accordance also with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

### Decommissioning of Password Provisioning

Beginning August 2nd, 2023, password provisioning for user accounts will not be supported. Any passwords provisioned through flat file, XLS, or the User v1 API will be ignored. New users will be directed to the “Forgot Password” link for their initial login.

### Decommission of Password Provisioning via File Import

The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur on October 1st, 2023. This will affect flat file imports, XLS imports, and the User v1 API. Please work with your SAP Concur representative if you have any questions.

### Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)

The decommission of the v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1 APIs is planned to conclude soon. Users that have not yet migrated to the Concur Request v4 APIs are strongly encouraged to make the required developments. Decommission is now ongoing since June 1st, 2021 and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will only be supported on a limited case-by-case basis. A new decommission date will be defined and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will no longer be available into Production, in accordance with the SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy.

API Timeline for v1.0, v3.0, v3.1:

* Deprecation – March 1, 2020 – May 31, 2021
* Decommission – Since June 01, 2021

The Concur Request APIs v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1 only support the previous authentication method, which is not best security practice and does not meet the OAuth2 standards. In addition, the previous versions of the Concur Request APIs provided limited possibilities for moving a Request through the approval workflow, as well as managing custom simple & connected list fields. These issues are resolved with the new Concur Request v4 APIs.

In addition, SAP has run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 APIs (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 APIs.

Please work with your Concur representative to move from your current legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) towards the Request v4 APIs.

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

The Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 API was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users relying on the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).

Please work with your organization to move from Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to Event Subscription Services (ESS).

For new users willing to take advantage of the Concur Request External Validation Workflow Feature, please work with your Concur representative to rely on the Concur Event Subscription Service and configure the Concur Request Workflow accordingly.

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until November 30, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Managed List|We will be releasing additional functionality to our list services with Managed Lists. A Managed List is a list in which all modifications to the list are restricted to a single app ID.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Payroll Integration Available Without Integration with Concur Solutions (ICS)|Payroll fields will be available through the Financial Integration Service (FIS) API. This allows users of the FIS API (partner apps or customers with custom integrations) to also use the API for payroll integration.
[05/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-05-04.html)|Get Cost Objects Request v4 API|This endpoint will allow external callers to view a Request’s approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Get Cost Object for Approver v4 API|Externalizing this endpoint allows external callers to view a report's approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report v4 APIs|These APIs will replace the [expense report workflow action v1.1 API](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/post-report-workflow-action.html). These v4 expense report workflow APIs are functionally similar to their v1 Post an Expense Report Workflow Action counterparts but will be available as separate actions. 
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
