---
title: Concur User Provisioning Event
layout: reference
---

# Concur User Provisioning Event

{% include prerelease.html %}

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

This page will host the documentation for all the Concur User Provisioning related events that are publicly available on public.concur.user.provisioning topic in the Event Subscription Service (ESS). Subscribers will be able to subscribe to these events by following the steps described on the [Event Subscription Service v4](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html) page.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This event subscription is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the subscription.

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Which scopes are required to interact with this topic.

Name|Description
---|---
`user.provision.read`|Status of a provisioning request.

## <a name="events"></a>Events

This section lists the publicly available events.

### <a name="provisioning-complete"></a>Provisioning Complete Event
The provisioning event is intended to publish a message when a provisioning request has completed. Subscribers of the event are able to leverage the data in the message to verify if the provisioning was successful or if there were errors during the provisioning attempt. Based on business needs, the error messages could logged for investigation. For example, this could trigger an application to make other API calls to Concur services or start of a process in a third party application.

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="schema-event"></a>Schema for Event One

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|EventId, unique identifier of this event.
`correlationId`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|Unique identifier used for logging/traceability.
`eventType`|`string`|`string`|Event type: `provisionCompleted` identifies the topic.
`topic`|`string`|`string`|Public topic `public.concur.user.provisioning` that the event belongs to.
`timeStamp`|`timeStamp`|RFC 3339|Current system time (UTC) when the event notification is issued.
`facts`|`map`|Facts Schema|Key-value pairs providing the content of the event.

## <a name="sample-events"></a>Sample Events

```json
{
    "id": "fc48f42d-724e-46e5-a35a-552d7b70996a",
    "correlationId": "1a93bd06-90ec-4b15-bbe4-8ba135d7864d",
    "eventType": "provisionCompleted",
    "topic": "public.concur.user.provisioning",
    "timeStamp": "2020-11-16T18:08:51.309Z",
    "subtopic": "fc48f42d-724e-46e5-a35a-552d7b70996a",
    "facts": {
      "originator": "com.concur.provisioning",
      "provisionId": "fc48f42d-724e-46e5-a35a-552d7b70996a",
      "provisionStatusHref": "https:/us.api.concursolutions.com/provisioning/v4/provisions/fc48f42d-724e-46e5-a35a-552d7b70996a/status",
      "success": true
    },
    "groups": null,
    "scopes": null,
    "data": ""
  }

```
