---
title: Profile Search
layout: reference
---
# Profile Search

The Profile Search service is designed to allow users to utilize search filters based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality allows the use of attributes, logical operators and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

Only Identity attributes are searchable with filters. This API is not available in the China Data Center. This API is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the API. Filters are available for available attributes only.

## <a name="products-editions"></a> Products and Editions

* Concur Expense Professional Edition
* Concur Expense Standard Edition
* Concur Travel Professional Edition
* Concur Travel Standard Edition
* Concur Invoice Professional Edition
* Concur Invoice Standard Edition
* Concur Request Professional Edition
* Concur Request Standard Edition

## <a name="scope-usage"></a> Scope Usage

Name|Description|Endpoint
---|---|---
`identity.user.ids.read`|Read user ID data.|GET
`identity.user.core.read`|Read user core data.|GET
`identity.user.coresensitive.read`|Read core sensitive data.|GET
`identity.user.enterprise.read`|Read user enterprise data.|GET

For more information on scope usage and mapping, please see the [Identity v4 Scope Mapping](./v4.scope-mapping.html) page.

## <a name="dependencies"></a> Dependencies

None.

## Access Token Usage <a name="access-token-usage"></a>

This API supports only company level access tokens.

## <a name="GET-user"></a>Retrieve Users

Retrieves users of a given company. The filter operations can be used to fetch a unique user or users identity information.

**NOTES:** 
* This URI contains version 4.1. Additionally, `startIndex` has been removed from query-parameters. To paginate a unique query, the caller must include `continuationToken` from preceding response in the next request.
* Complex searches may result in delayed response times.

### <a name="filtering"></a>Filtering

Filters are comprised of Attribute Operators, Logical Operators, and Grouping Operators.

|Parameter|Description|
|---|---|
[Allowed Attributes](#allowed-attributes)|Term, the subject, eligible for filtering.
[Attribute Operators](#allowed-operators)|Action, a verb, on comparator, a value.
[Logical Operators](#logical-operators)|Multiple expressions are joined by logical operators.
[Grouping Operators](#grouping-operators)|Filtering for multi-valued attributes with brackets or [overriding precedence](#precedence-operators).

#### <a name="allowed-attributes"></a>Allowed Attributes

|Attribute|Sub-Attributes|Data Type
|---|---|---|
`active`|-|`boolean`
`addresses`|`country`, `locality`, `region`, `type`|`string`, `string`, `string`, `string`
`displayName`|-|`string`
`emails`|`value`, `type`, `verified`|`string`, `string`, `boolean`
`entitlements`|-|`string`
`externalId`|-|`string`
`id`|-|`string`
`meta`|`created`, `lastModified`|`date`, `date`
`name`|`familyName`, `givenName`|`string`, `string`
`nickName`|-|`string`
`userName`|-|`string`
urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:, `enterprise:2.0:User`|`companyId`, `costCenter`, `department`, `division`, `employeeNumber`, `startDate`, `terminationDate` |`string`, `string`, `string`, `string`, `string`, `date`, `date`
urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:, `enterprise:2.0:User.manager`|`displayName`, `employeeNumber`, `value` | `string`, `string`, `string`
urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:, `sap:2.0:User`|`userUuid`|`string`

#### <a name="allowed-operators"></a>Allowed Operators

|Parameter|Description|Value|
|---|---|---|
`companyId`| **Required** Scope of search is within user's authorized boundary.|`uuid`
`filter`|Narrow returned users matching expression.|[Filtering](#filtering)
`count`|Number of users to return.|`1`-`1000`
`attributes`|Return only specified fields. Delimited by commas.|`active` , `id`, `meta`
`excludedAttributes`|Return all other fields than specified. Delimited by commas.|`active`, `meta`
`continuationToken`|Enable user to continue session to the next page.|[Pagination](#pagination)

### <a name="attribute-operators"></a>Attribute Operators

Conditional relationship between attribute and value stored in database. Multiple operators can be used with zero or more logical operators.

|Operator|Description|Example
|---|---|---|
eq|equal|`active eq true`
ne|not equal|`name.familyName ne "Smith"`
co|contains|`name.givenName co "John"`
sw|starts with|`name.givenName sw "J"`
ew|ends with|`name.givenName ew "n"`
pr|present (has value)|`name.givenName pr`
gt|greater than|`meta.lastModified gt "2011-05-13T04:42:34Z"`
ge|greater than or equal to|`meta.lastModified ge "2011-05-13T04:42:34Z"`
lt|less than|`meta.lastModified lt "2011-05-13T04:42:34Z"`
le|less than or equal to|`meta.lastModified le "2011-05-13T04:42:34Z"`

### <a name="logical-operators"></a>Logical Operators

Separate attribute expressions. Filters can include zero or more logical operators. By default, logical operators are evaluated in the following order of operations: `NOT > AND > OR`

This definition may be overwritten by grouping operators.

|Operator|Description|Example
|---|---|---|
not|Match, if expression evaluates to `false`.|`not(name.givenName eq "John")`
and|Match, if both expressions evaluate to `true`.|`name.givenName eq "John" and name.familyName eq "Smith"`
or|Match, if either expression evaluates to `true`.|`name.givenName eq "John" or name.givenName eq "James"`

### <a name="grouping-operators"></a>Grouping Operators

Evaluate an expression in explicit order.

|Operator|Description|Example
|---|---|---|
()|Precedence grouping, (evaluate first) and overrides precedence. |`(name.givenName eq "John" or name.givenName eq "James") and name.familyName eq "Smith"`
[]|Complex attribute filtering, used with multi-valued attributes.|`emails[type eq "work" and value co "@example.com"]`

### <a name="precedence-operators"></a>Precedence Examples

The definition provided states: `NOT > AND > OR`

For the examples below, capital letters (A, B, C) represent different attribute expressions.

|Expression|Default Evaluation
|---|---|
`A or B and C`|`A or (B and C)`
`A and B or C`|`(A and B) or C`
`A and B or C and D`|`(A and B) or (C and D)`
`A or B and C or D`|`A or (B and C) or D`
`not A or B and C`|`(not A) or (B and C)`

### <a name="pagination"></a>Pagination

By default, a single query will return `100` users. To retrieve more than `100` users for a single query, SCIM defines the [count](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-3.4.2.4) query parameter.

**NOTE:** The `startIndex` query parameter is **not supported** due to the behavior of Deep Pagination.

The upper limit of `count` is `1,000` users for a single query. To go beyond the first `1,000` users, this API returns a `continuationToken`. When passed, the `continuationToken` is used to return the next page of matching records for a single, unique query.

### Payloads

Request: None.
Response: [User Schema](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html#schema)

### Examples

#### Request

Using `continuationToken`

```
GET https://{host}/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?continuationToken=eyJjcmVhdGVkLWlkIjoiMTYxMzc2MTkxNF9hYTA0NzQ1MS04MTBkLTQ5MDMtYWE0OS1lYzhjODZlZjUwNTMiLCJzdGFydEluZGV4IjoxMDF9
```

##### Filter By Active Field

Return the first 1000 users who have active (field) set to true (value).
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=active eq true&count=1000
```

##### Filter By Addresses Sub-Attributes

Return a list of addresses.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[country eq "US"]&count=100
```

###### Logical AND queries

Return users who live in `Bellevue` in `US`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[country eq "US" and locality eq "Bellevue"]
```

Return users who work in `Bellevue` in `US`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[country eq "US" and locality eq "Bellevue" and region eq "WA" and type eq "work"]
```

Return users who do NOT have an address in `US` OR `EU`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[not(country eq "US") and country ne "EU"]
```

Return users with a SAP `userUuid`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User.userUuid pr&
attributes=urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User
```

###### Logical OR queries

Return users who may have a work address or an entry with `US` or `Bellevue`.  Note: Results may include users with all three attributes in a single entry.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[country eq "US" or locality eq "Bellevue" or type eq "work"]
```

Returns users who work in `US` or `EU`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[type eq "work" and (country eq "US" or country eq "EU")]
```

Return users who do not contain entries for address with `EU` or `US`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[not(country eq "US" or country eq "EU")]
```

###### Combined Logical queries

Return users who do not contain entries for address with `EU` or `US`.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=addresses[country eq "US" and type eq "home" or country eq "EU" and type eq "work"]
```

##### Filter By Emails Sub-Attributes

Returns a list of work emails.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=emails[type eq "work"]
```

###### Logical AND queries

Returns users who have a work emails equal to admin@concur.com.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=emails[type eq "work" and value eq "admin@concur.com"]
```

Returns users who work at SAP Concur and have verified the email.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=emails[type eq "work" and and verified eq true and value ew "@concur.com"]
```

Returns user's that are do not have `work` OR `home` emails.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=emails[not(type eq "work") and type ne "home"]

```

###### Combined Logical queries

Returns user's that are do not have `work` OR `home` emails.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=emails[type eq "work" and value ew "@concur.com" or type eq "home" and value ew ".com"]

```

##### Filter By Name Field

Returns a list of names.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=name.givenName eq "John"&count=100
```

###### Logical AND queries

Return users by full name (combination of given and family).
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=name.givenName eq "John" and name.familyName eq "Smith"
```

Return users who have the first name John and do not have last name Bob. When using `ne`, results can include `null` values.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=name.givenName ne "John" and not(name.givenName eq "Bob")
```

Return users who must start with and ending with characters. Case insensitive.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=name.givenName sw "J" and name.givenName ew "n"
```

Return users by "contains" query and check if field, `name.givenName` has a value.
```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=not(name.givenName co "admin") and name.givenName pr
```

###### Combined Logical queries

```
GET https://us.api.concursolutions.com/profile/identity/v4.1/Users?filter=name.givenName eq "John" and name.familyName eq "Smith" or name.givenName eq "Bob" and name.familyName eq "Joe"
```

#### Response

```
200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
```

```
{
    "schemas": [
        "urn:ietf:params:scim:api:messages:2.0:ListResponse"
    ],
    "totalResults": 123456,
    "startIndex": 101,
    "itemsPerPage": 100,
    "Resources": [
        {},
        {},
    ],
    "continuationToken": "eyJjcmVhdGVkLWlkIjoiMTYxMzgwNjU4NF85YjQyNTI1NC04ZDE1LTRjM2QtYmE2ZS03MzZkMmJkMTEzN2IiLCJzdGFydEluZGV4IjoyMDF9"

```

A new token is generated, and may be used to fetch the next page of users matching filter.
