---
title: Spend User v4 - Getting Started
layout: reference
---

# Spend User v4 - Getting Started

Spend User Provisioning allows callers to provision or modify a user in the SAP Concur spend domain. This is an asynchronous downstream process from the [User Provisioning v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html) service. Currently, spend user data can be created, modified, and replaced with the POST, PATCH, and PUT provisioning operations. The retrieval of spend user data is supported through GET endpoints: One that can retrieve a filtered and paginated set of all spend users in a company, and another that can retrieve a specific spend user's data using their unique identifier.

##  <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

Access to this documentation does not provide access to the API.

Callers need to acquire the scope listed below in order to access the following extensions under spend domain.

* [SpendUser](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#spend-user)
* [SpendRole](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#spend-role)
* [Approver](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#approver-extension)
* [Delegate](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#spend-delegate)
* [UserPreference](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#spend-user-preference-extension)
* [InvoicePreference](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#invoice-preference-extension)
* [WorkflowPreference](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#spend-workflow-preferences)
* [Payroll](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html#payroll-extension)

## <a name="products-editions"></a>Products and Editions

* Concur Expense Professional Edition
* Concur Expense Standard Edition
* Concur Invoice Professional Edition
* Concur Invoice Standard Edition
* Concur Request Professional Edition
* Concur Request Standard Edition

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

| Name| Description| Endpoint|
|---|---|---|
| `spend.user.general.read`| View spend user information.| GET|
| `spend.user.general.writeonly` | Change spend user information. | POST / PATCH |

**NOTE**: In addition to the spend scopes, you will need the scopes listed in [User Provisioning v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html) in order to provision core user data.

## <a name="dependencies"></a>Dependencies

Users must purchase Concur Expense in order to use the spend extensions to provision spend related data. Clients must use the User Provisioning v4 API to provision users in order to use this endpoint to retrieve user data.

## <a name="access-token-usage"></a>Access Token Usage

This API currently only supports company level access tokens.

## <a name="additional-resources"></a>Additional Resources

See the following pages for further details.

* [Spend User Provisioning](./v4.spend-user-provisioning.html)
* [Spend User Retrieval](./v4.1.spend-user-retrieval.html)
* [Spend Role Codes](./v4.spend-role-code-definition.html)
