---
title: Document Tax Compliance Event
layout: reference
---

# Document Tax Compliance Event

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

This page will host the documentation for the document compliance related events (Read) that are publicly available on `public.concur.document.tax.compliance` topic in the Event Subscription Service (ESS). Subscribers will be able to subscribe to these events by following the steps described on the [Event Subscription Service v4](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html) page.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This event subscription is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the subscription.

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Which scopes are required to interact with this topic.

Name|Description
---|---
`document.tax.compliance.read`|Read receipt for compliance check.

## <a name="events"></a>Events

This section lists the publicly available events.

### <a name="create-identity-event"></a>Document Tax Compliance Read Event
The `document.validation.processing` eventType is intended to publish when a new document has been uploaded by SAP Concur customer and available for compliance partner to be downloaded and processed.

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="schema-event"></a>Schema for Event

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`UUID`|`string`|EventId, unique identifier of this event.
`correlationId`|`UUID`|`string`|Unique identifier used for logging/traceability.
`eventType`|`string`|`string`|Supported values: `document.validation.processing`.
`topic`|`string`|`string`|Public topic `public.concur.document.tax.compliance` that the event belongs to.
`timeStamp`|`timeStamp`|`string`|Current system time (UTC) when the event notification is issued.
`facts`|`list`|`string`|Required key-value pairs providing the content of the event.
`facts.documentId`|`UUID`|`string`|Unique identifier used for each compliance document.
`facts.href`|`string`|`string`|Link to download compliance document.
`facts.complianceCountryCode`|`string`|`string`|Compliance document country code.
`facts.companyId`|`UUID`|`string`|Unique identifier for concur company.
`facts.displayVersionRequired`|`Boolean`|`string`| Flag to identify pdf generation.


## <a name="Document Tax Compliance Read Event"></a>Document Tax Compliance Read Event

```json
{
  "id":"requestId",
  "correlationId":"fcj-test-54003",
  "eventType":"document.validation.processing",
  "topic":"public.concur.document.tax.compliance",
  "timeStamp":"2022-05-04T19:28:11.679Z",
  "facts":{
    "documentId":"fe0b8fda-ee5a-4bc1-ac63-f7ce0b6c3f84",
    "href":"https://integration.api.concursolutions.com/document-compliance-gateway/v4/tax-documents/fe0b8fda-ee5a-4bc1-ac63-f7ce0b6c3f84",
    "complianceCountryCode":"MX",
    "companyId":"fb7c8157-16d6-4dfd-b970-8c2a39d81790",
    "displayVersionRequired":false
  }
}
```
