---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, November 2022
layout: reference
---

# API Release Notes, November 2022

## New This Month

### User Provisioning Service v4 API and Event Available

The [User Provisioning Service v4](api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html) API  allows users to create, update, and replace users. This allows faster and increased access to user data attributes. Once a user is provisioned, the user identity will be created in Profile, Travel, and Spend.

Additional guide information for the User Provisioning Service can be found [here](api-guides/user-provisioning/user-provisioning.html), and event documentation can be found [here](event-topics/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning-events.html).

### Deprecation of User v1 API

Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.

### Deprecation of User v3 API

Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v3 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.

## Ongoing

### Migration of Test Entities & Production Sandbox Environment

Some SAP Concur users use Production Sandbox Environment (PSE) entities to set up, test, and train on new configurations prior to deploying them to their live production entity. We plan to migrate PSEs as part of our move to Amazon Web Services (AWS). For more information, please see the **Test Entities: Production Sandbox Environment** release note in the August [Shared Release Notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

### SAP ICS Connector Production Sandbox Environment Migration Change Required

By early December 2022, we will be completing the migration of implementation environments to AWS. After migration, all users who are currently using:
* The SAP ICS Connector in their Production Sandbox Environment
* Legacy authentication (user and password)

will encounter an error in the Production Sandbox Environment. This will not impact your production environment and will not affect SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition customers.

In order to avoid disruption, authentication will need to be updated post-migration. Users can do this by updating their login ID to contain the .uat domain. For more information on how to update your login ID, please see the following [knowledge base article](https://sapconcur.my.salesforce.com/kA07V000000TmxK?lang=en_US).

### IP Address Range for Callouts

Beginning in August and continuing through the end of 2022, servers that support SAP Concur callouts in the US & EMEA datacenters will be upgraded. For more information on this release note, please see the August [Shared Release Notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](pi-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[04/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|Effective July 1, 2020, these APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API. We have run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Addition of ECDSA Encryption and Cipher Retirement|To provide ongoing security for our products, we plan to remove support for select ciphers on February 16, 2023, at 5 PM PST. For more information, please see the **Planned Changes: Addition of ECDSA Encryption and Cipher Retirement** in the [October release notes](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).
[05/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-05-19.html)|Filters for Identity v4 API|We will be releasing SCIM formatted search filters for the Identity v4 API based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality will allow users to use attributes, logical operators, and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|Account Termination Date Will be in UTC for Travel Profile v2|The Account Termination Date will be returned in UTC. This will provide a consistent time and date reference for all users and all data centers.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|UUID is Returned in Success Response When New User Created via Travel Profile v2 API|Travel Profile v2 will return the user’s UUID synchronously in the success response. This will allow external systems that sync data with the API to have a unique identifier for the user’s profile immediately and use it on subsequent calls to update the user’s profile.
[10/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-10-15.html)|Report Details v2 API Vulnerability Patch|We will be adding additional security to the Report Details v2 API. Current callers may receive a `401 - Unauthorized` response if using an unauthorized admin OAuth token to access reports.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-cash-advance)|Request v4 - Deprecation of the Request Cash Advance Endpoint|Initially planned for October 2021, Concur Request will soon deprecate the [Request Cash Advance detail endpoint](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/request/v4.endpoints.cashadvance-resources.html). Date will be communicated in future communications.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-parameter)|Invoice Pay v4 GET Call Parameter|GET calls will have the option to use the new `invoiceId` parameter to retrieve payment information and the ERP Document ID associated to the invoice. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-patch)|Invoice Pay v4 PATCH Endpoint|With the new PATCH, the invoice will be updated with the `erpDocumentNumber` value in the body whenever an `invoiceId` is passed as part of the API URL. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
