---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, April 2022
layout: reference
---

# API Release Notes, April 2022

## New This Month

### Planned Change: User Provisioning v4 API Available

The User Provisioning Service will allow users to create, update, and replace users. This will allow faster and increased access to user data attributes. Once a user is provisioned, the user identity will be created in Profile, Travel and Spend.

### Enable Report Number in Concur Expense Accounting Extracts

A new site setting, Enable Report Number for Expense Accounting Extracts, is now available for all Concur Expense accounting extract file types. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/_ReleaseNotes/2022/ExpProRN22_03_Cli_F.pdf#page=19&zoom=100,128,660).

### Concursolutions.com SSL Certificate Renewal

To ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, the concursolutions.com SSL certificate is updated on an annual basis.  

In most cases, certificate renewal is invisible to the user. When a new certificate is issued, web browsers automatically accept the new, authorized certificate and update the serial number, version, and other data included in the certificate.

A small percentage of clients pin their security certificates. To avoid disruption of SAP Concur products and services, clients who have pinned the expiring certificate must replace it before it expires on April 20, 2022. Clients who have not pinned the expiring certificate, do not need to take any action.

The new SSL certificate can be accessed [here](http://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions.cert.pem).

## Ongoing

### OAuth 2.0 Migration

We will be converting from the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication method. This effort will be taking place starting in the third quarter of 2021 and will conclude by June 30th, 2022.

Any existing partners, Client Web Service (CWS) clients, and clients with a Hosted Customer Connector using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) will need to be converted to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. If you are a partner or a client using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method, we will be reaching out and will provide communication on how to convert to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. Clients with a Hosted Custom Connector will be handled by the SAP Concur Development team.

For more information, please refer to [Authentication](/api-reference/authentication/getting-started.html).

With the ongoing effort of the authentication conversion project, we will be placing the Register Partner Application UI into a read-only state. Existing customers who still access or use this UI would now only be able to view their legacy authentication applications. Clients will be unable to create net-new or modify their existing legacy authentication applications.

With the launch of the Company Request Token Self-Service Tool and the Self-Service Tool for Application Management in July 2021, Clients should begin utilizing these tools and UI to create OAuth 2.0 applications. If you feel that your company has a proper business case to create a net-new legacy authentication application, please submit an SAP Concur Support case. The support case will be reviewed and either approved or denied. We will only allowing exceptions for the creation of net new legacy authentication applications until September 20th, 2021.

### Application Connector Username and Password Length Requirements Updated

Changes are being made to the length of usernames and passwords associated with application connectors. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesCPS_CCC.htm).

### Updated Naming Convention for Sub-URLs

Changes are being made to the naming conventions of sub-urls. For more information please see the [Expense release notes](http://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/ReleaseNotes/ExpRN_2021/ExpStdRN21_06_Cli_F.pdf).

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#ongoing-user-v1)|Deprecation of User v1|User v1 service will be deprecated. User v1 service can be replaced with either the upcoming User Provisioning service and/or the [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) service. Both of these services enable callers to CRUD user’s core/identity profile information like UUID, name, address, email, etc.
[07/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-07-16.html#planned-dep-user)|User v3 API|We will be deprecating the User v3 API in a future release due to less secure authentication methods.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[04/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|Effective July 1, 2020, these APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API. We have run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-13.html)|Account Termination Date Will be in UTC for Travel Profile v2|In February, the Account Termination Date will be returned in UTC. This will provide a consistent time and date reference for all users and all data centers.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-13.html)|UUID is Returned in Success Response When New User Created via Travel Profile v2 API|Travel Profile v2 will return the user’s UUID synchronously in the success response. This will allow external systems that sync data with the API to have a unique identifier for the user’s profile immediately and use it on subsequent calls to update the user’s profile.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-13.html)|New Client SSL Certificate for ESS webhook.api.concursolutions.com|To ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, the Event Subscription Service will be issuing a new webhook.api.concursolutions.com SSL certificate.
[10/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-10-15.html)|Report Details v2 API Vulnerability Patch|We will be adding additional security to the Report Details v2 API. Current callers may receive a `401 - Unauthorized` response if using an unauthorized admin OAuth token to access reports.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-cash-advance)|Request v4 - Deprecation of the Request Cash Advance Endpoint|Initially planned for October 2021, Concur Request will soon deprecate the [Request Cash Advance detail endpoint](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/request/v4.endpoints.cashadvance-resources.html). Date will be communicated in future communications.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-parameter)|Invoice Pay v4 GET Call Parameter|GET calls will have the option to use the new `invoiceId` parameter to retrieve payment information and the ERP Document ID associated to the invoice. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-patch)|Invoice Pay v4 PATCH Endpoint|With the new PATCH, the invoice will be updated with the `erpDocumentNumber` value in the body whenever an `invoiceId` is passed as part of the API URL. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
