---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, May 2022
layout: reference
---

# API Release Notes, May 2022

## New This Month

### Report Details v2 Additional Field Added

A new field has been added to the Report Details v2 API on May 19th 2022. This field is `LegacyEntryID`, and is a unique numeric identifier for the expense entry. It is included in the `ExpenseEntry` element of the report details response. `LegacyEntryId` corresponds to the report entry key in accounting extracts and the `LegacyEntryId` field in the Financial Integration Service endpoints.

This change only impacts the Report Details v2 endpoints.

### Planned Change: Bulk POST for Invoice Pay v4

A new Bulk POST API will be added for Payment Providers to update a maximum of 500 invoice payment records per call.

### Planned Change: New Parameters and Fields to GET for Invoice Pay v4

Additional parameters and fields will be added to the GET API of Invoice Pay v4. This will allow Payment Providers to more effectively retrieve payments and data to process payments.

The below parameters will be added to provide Payment Providers more options for retrieving and looking up invoice payments.

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
`createDate`|On or after date range option.
`invoiceDate`|On or after date range option.
`invoiceNumber`|Invoice number associated to a payment record.
`paymentGroup`|Payment Group (payment source) associated to payment records.
`paymentID`|SAP Concur Payment ID of a payment record.
`paymentStatus`|Retrieve `PAYPVD` invoices in any status.
`vendorAddrCode`|The vendor address code of the SAP Concur vendor record payments are associated to.
`vendorCode`|The vendor code of the SAP Concur vendor record payments are associated to.
`vendorName`|The vendor name of the SAP Concur vendor record payments are associated to.

The below fields will be added to provide Payment Providers additional information for processing invoice payments.

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
`vendorName`|The vendor name of the SAP Concur vendor record payments are associated to.
`Payment Status`|The status of the payment.
`Payment Group`|Payment Group (payment source) associated to payment record.
`Invoice Date`|The date of the invoice associated to the payment record.
`Invoice Header Custom Fields`|Values in custom fields 1 – 24 of the Concur Invoice Header form.
`Vendor Custom Fields`|Values in custom field 1 – 20 of the SAP Concur Vendor form.

### Planned Change: New Fields to POST for Invoice Pay v4

The below fields will be added to the POST API to allow Payment Providers to update payments with additional information for clients to have access to.

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
`Funding Source Reference`|Identifies the client’s funding source /account used to pay the invoice.
`Cash Account Code`|Client’s GL code of the cash account associated to the funding source.
`Liability Account Code`|Client’s GL code of the liability account associated to the invoice being paid.
`Funding Request Reference`|Identifier for the debit transaction from the client's account to fund a payment.
`Check Number`|Check number associated to check payments processed by Payment Providers.
`Funding Settlement Date`|The date the payment debited the client's bank account.
`Funding Currency`|Currency in which the payment was funded in by the client to the Payment Provider.
`Payment Currency`|Currency the payment to the vendor was made in.
`Foreign Exchange Rate`|The foreign exchange rate used to calculate the payment in the Payment Currency based on the Funding Currency.

### Planned Change: New Fields to Invoice Payment Confirmation Extract for Payment Provider Payments

The below fields will be added to the Invoice Payment Confirmation Extract to provide clients additional information for payments processed by Payment Providers.

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
`Funding Source Reference`|This identifies the client’s funding source /account used to pay the invoice.
`Provider Payment Method`|The method the payment was issued by the Payment Provider.
`Funding Request Reference`|This is the identifier for the debit transaction from the client's account to fund a payment.
`Thirdparty Payment Reference`|Unique identifier of a payment issued by the Payment Provider (ex. check number or ACH trace number).
`Invoice Currency`|The currency of the invoice being paid.
`Funding Currency`|Currency in which the payment was funded in by the client to the Payment Provider.
`Payment Currency`|Currency the payment to the vendor was made in.
`Foreign Exchange Rate`|The foreign exchange rate used to calculate the payment in the Payment Currency based on the Funding Currency.

### Planned Change: Hotel Service v4 API Available

The Hotel Service v4 API will allow Custom Hotel Source (CHS) vendors to provide hotel inventory, rates and booking related functionality to users of the new SAP Concur Online Booking Tool (Travel Evolution).

Once the CHS provider has developed and certified their API implementation with SAP Concur, their content will be available to shop and book by opted-in Travel users.

### Planned Change: Filters for Identity v4 API

We will be releasing SCIM formatted search filters for the Identity v4 API based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality will allow users to use attributes, logical operators, and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.

## Ongoing

### OAuth 2.0 Migration

We will be converting from the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication method. This effort will be taking place starting in the third quarter of 2021 and will conclude by June 30th, 2022.

Any existing partners, Client Web Service (CWS) clients, and clients with a Hosted Customer Connector using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) will need to be converted to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. If you are a partner or a client using the legacy authentication (deprecated 2017) method, we will be reaching out and will provide communication on how to convert to the new OAuth 2.0 authentication. Clients with a Hosted Custom Connector will be handled by the SAP Concur Development team.

For more information, please refer to [Authentication](/api-reference/authentication/getting-started.html).

With the ongoing effort of the authentication conversion project, we will be placing the Register Partner Application UI into a read-only state. Existing customers who still access or use this UI would now only be able to view their legacy authentication applications. Clients will be unable to create net-new or modify their existing legacy authentication applications.

With the launch of the Company Request Token Self-Service Tool and the Self-Service Tool for Application Management in July 2021, Clients should begin utilizing these tools and UI to create OAuth 2.0 applications. If you feel that your company has a proper business case to create a net-new legacy authentication application, please submit an SAP Concur Support case. The support case will be reviewed and either approved or denied. We will only allowing exceptions for the creation of net new legacy authentication applications until September 20th, 2021.

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#ongoing-user-v1)|Deprecation of User v1|User v1 service will be deprecated. User v1 service can be replaced with either the upcoming User Provisioning service and/or the [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) service. Both of these services enable callers to CRUD user’s core/identity profile information like UUID, name, address, email, etc.
[07/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-07-16.html#planned-dep-user)|User v3 API|We will be deprecating the User v3 API in a future release due to less secure authentication methods.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[04/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|Effective July 1, 2020, these APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API. We have run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[04/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-04-08.html)|User Provisioning v4 API Available|The User Provisioning Service will allow users to create, update, and replace users. This will allow faster and increased access to user data attributes. Once a user is provisioned, the user identity will be created in Profile, Travel and Spend.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|Account Termination Date Will be in UTC for Travel Profile v2|In February, the Account Termination Date will be returned in UTC. This will provide a consistent time and date reference for all users and all data centers.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|UUID is Returned in Success Response When New User Created via Travel Profile v2 API|Travel Profile v2 will return the user’s UUID synchronously in the success response. This will allow external systems that sync data with the API to have a unique identifier for the user’s profile immediately and use it on subsequent calls to update the user’s profile.
[01/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-01-13.html)|New Client SSL Certificate for ESS webhook.api.concursolutions.com|To ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, the Event Subscription Service will be issuing a new webhook.api.concursolutions.com SSL certificate.
[10/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-10-15.html)|Report Details v2 API Vulnerability Patch|We will be adding additional security to the Report Details v2 API. Current callers may receive a `401 - Unauthorized` response if using an unauthorized admin OAuth token to access reports.
[09/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-09-17.html#planned-request-cash-advance)|Request v4 - Deprecation of the Request Cash Advance Endpoint|Initially planned for October 2021, Concur Request will soon deprecate the [Request Cash Advance detail endpoint](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/request/v4.endpoints.cashadvance-resources.html). Date will be communicated in future communications.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-parameter)|Invoice Pay v4 GET Call Parameter|GET calls will have the option to use the new `invoiceId` parameter to retrieve payment information and the ERP Document ID associated to the invoice. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2021-04-16.html#planned-invoice-v4-patch)|Invoice Pay v4 PATCH Endpoint|With the new PATCH, the invoice will be updated with the `erpDocumentNumber` value in the body whenever an `invoiceId` is passed as part of the API URL. The feature will be automatically available; there will be no additional configuration or activation steps.
