---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, April 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, April 2023

## New This Month

### Hotel Service v4 Changes

The following updates are being made to Hotel Service v4 after feedback from vendors and to support more Sustainability and Rating sources:

* Using `stateName` to provide name of state or province for search address and deprecating use of state in `SearchCriteria`.

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`state`|`string`|-|**Deprecated - Use `stateName` instead** 2-character state code - will be continued to be supported when state code is available.
`stateName`|`string`|-|Name or code of the state, province or administrative region.

* `SustainabilityAward` now supports custom labels by allowing label to be set to `OTHER` and passing name of custom label in additional name attribute.
* `HotelRating` now supports custom source by allowing source to be set to `OTHER` and passing name of custom label in additional name attribute.
* The following sustainability certifications have been added to the ones already supported for hotel properties. These can be returned in the `label` attribute in `SustainabilityAwards`:

  * `HILTON_LIGHTSTAY`
  * `IHG_GREEN_ENGAGE`
  * `NORDIC_SWAN`
  * `ACTIVITY_GREEN`
  * `ADVENTURE_GREEN_ALASKA`
  * `ECO-CERTIFICATION_MALTA`
  * `GLOBAL_ECOSPHERE_RETREATS`
  * `GREAT_GREEN_DEAL`

The feature is automatically available; there are no additional configuration or activation steps.

### Planned Change: Decommission of Get Expense Entries List v1.1

The decommission of Get Expense Entries List v1.1 API is planned for May 31st, 2023. If applicable, please work with your SAP Concur representative to move to [Retrieve Expenses on a Specific Report ID](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/v4.expenses.html#retrieve-expenses-on-a-specific-report-id-) as soon as possible.
 
### Planned Change: Decommission of Get Location v1.1

The decommission of Get Locations v1.1 API is planned for May 31st, 2023. If applicable, please work with your SAP Concur representative to move to [Get Locations v3](/api-reference/common/locations/v3.locations) as soon as possible.

### Planned Change: Get Cost Object for Approver V4 API

We will be releasing the Get Cost Object for Approver v4 API. Externalizing this endpoint allows external callers to view a report's approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.

### Purchase Order Receipts Cannot be Deleted if Matched to an Invoice

The ability to delete Purchase Order Receipts by the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API if an invoice is matched to it is no longer available. This update provides behavior parity for deleting Purchase Order Receipts manually and via the file import or API.

If a Purchase Order Receipt is matched to an invoice and the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API is used to delete the receipt, then the receipt will not be deleted. An error message will provide the reason and identify the invoice(s) matched to the Purchase Order Receipt.

This change occurs automatically.

### Identity v4 Now Includes Three SCIM Service Configuration Endpoints

Clients will have a programmatic option to retrieve SCIM-based services information through three [SCIM standard](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-4) endpoints to help discovery of [our SCIM-based provisioning service features](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html).

* [/Service Provider Configuration](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-4) - describes the SCIM specification features available in the SAP Concur platform.
* [/Schemas](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-4) – retrieve information about the resource schemas supported by the SAP Concur platform.
* [/ResourceTypes](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-4) - the types of resources available via the SAP Concur platform.

### Planned Change: List Item Bulk V4 API

We will be releasing the List Item Bulk V4 API. The List Item Bulk v4 API allows for creating and modifying multiple list items in a list. The currently published List Item v4 API provides functionality for creating, updating, and deleting a single list item. 

### Planned Changes: Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report V4 APIs

We will be releasing the Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report v4 APIs. These APIs will replace the (expense report workflow action v1.1 API)[/api-reference/expense/expense-report/post-report-workflow-action.html]. These v4 expense report workflow APIs are functionally similar to their v1 Post an Expense Report Workflow Action counterparts but will be available as separate actions. 

## Ongoing

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

The decommission of Concur Request v1 API is planned on May 31st, 2023. An additional delay has been granted for clients calling the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to enable the move to the use the Event Subscription Services (ESS) to subscribe to the Request events. A decommission date for the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 has not yet been defined, however please work with your SAP Concur representative to move to the Request events as soon as possible for the Request External Validation feature in anticipation of this coming decommission date.
 
## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation of Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1)|Effective March 1st, 2020, the Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1) have been deprecated. They have been replaced by [Request v4](/api-reference/request/v4.get-started.html). Decommission will follow on May 31st, 2023.
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until November 30, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
