---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, October 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, October 2023

## New This Month

### Now Available: Funds and Grants Integration

We have released Funds and Grants Integration functionality that provides a complete, integrated Funds & Grants solution for Travel & Expense. The solution facilitates streamlined cost management and accounting of spend, enabling organizations to:

* Spend can be properly allocated to the right funds, grants, and budgets within external systems.
* Spend can be reserved before it is disbursed/reimbursed.
* Spend can be drawn from specific budgets without human intervention.
* Control of spend can be gated and managed by individuals through the SAP Concur solution’s workflows.
* Integration is available for both SAP and non-SAP financial systems via published APIs.

### Planned Change: New Expense Workflow API Page

An upcoming documentation update will add a Workflow v4 page under the existing Expense v4 category. This page will be populated with existing expense workflow APIs, such as the Approve or Send Back a Report API, which historically has been a section on the Reports v4 page. The material will be removed from Reports v4 at that time. The Workflow v4 page will contain all current expense workflow APIs and will also be updated with new APIs, as they are released. 

### Now Available: Enhanced Recall Logic for Reports and Invoices for FIS and SAP Integration with Concur Solutions (ICS)

The Financial Integration Service (FIS) includes logic allowing processors to recall reports or invoices when certain conditions are met. In the September 2023 release, FIS updated that logic to fix a potential issue. 

Currently the recall logic for a report or invoice extracted through Financial Integration Service (FIS) is allowed even if the posting document hasn't been created at the time of recall. This can happen when the processor approves a report or invoice and immediately recalls it, before FIS can create the posting document, or if there are many transactions on the report/invoice causing the posting document creation to take unusually long.

This results in a report/invoice in an editable status while there is a posting document in Ready status that may be imported to the financial system. This mismatch between the various systems will cause issues when the report/invoice is resubmitted and queued for financial integration after final approval.

Prior to this change, FIS allows the report/invoice recall if one of the following conditions is met:

* Associated posting document in Ready status.
* Associated posting document in Financial Posting Failed status.
* No associated posting document found (Error 404).

After this change, FIS allows recall if one of the following conditions is met:

* Associated posting document in Ready status.
* Associated posting document in Financial Posting Failed status.

This update applies to customers using FIS API or the SAP ICS for financial integration. The feature is automatically available; there are no additional configuration or activation steps.

## Ongoing

### SAP Concur Sign In Page Updated

On June 27, 2023, SAP Concur updated the SAP Concur sign in page. These changes improve the functionality and ease-of-use of the SAP Concur sign in page. For more information see the [Client Release Notes](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/RN_shared_planned/_client_shared_RN_all.htm).

### Decommission of User v1 Password Endpoint

The decommission of the User v1 password endpoint will occur on July 28th, 2023. Clients that have not yet moved to the Concur Request v4 APIs will have until July 28th, 2023 to make the required changes. After the decommission date, the endpoint will no longer be available in Production, in accordance also with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

### Decommissioning of Password Provisioning

Beginning August 2nd, 2023, password provisioning for user accounts will not be supported. Any passwords provisioned through flat file, XLS, or the User v1 API will be ignored. New users will be directed to the “Forgot Password” link for their initial login.

### Decommission of Password Provisioning via File Import

The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur on October 1st, 2023. This will affect flat file imports, XLS imports, and the User v1 API. Please work with your SAP Concur representative if you have any questions.

### Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)

The decommission of the v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1 APIs is planned to conclude soon. Users that have not yet migrated to the Concur Request v4 APIs are strongly encouraged to make the required developments. Decommission is now ongoing since June 1st, 2021 and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will only be supported on a limited case-by-case basis. A new decommission date will be defined and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will no longer be available into Production, in accordance with the SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy.

API Timeline for v1.0, v3.0, v3.1:

* Deprecation – March 1, 2020 – May 31, 2021
* Decommission – Since June 01, 2021

The Concur Request APIs v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1 only support the previous authentication method, which is not best security practice and does not meet the OAuth2 standards. In addition, the previous versions of the Concur Request APIs provided limited possibilities for moving a Request through the approval workflow, as well as managing custom simple & connected list fields. These issues are resolved with the new Concur Request v4 APIs.

In addition, SAP has run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 APIs (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 APIs.

Please work with your Concur representative to move from your current legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) towards the Request v4 APIs.

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

The Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 API was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users relying on the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).

Please work with your organization to move from Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to Event Subscription Services (ESS).

For new users willing to take advantage of the Concur Request External Validation Workflow Feature, please work with your Concur representative to rely on the Concur Event Subscription Service and configure the Concur Request Workflow accordingly.

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until November 30, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[09-07](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-09-07.html)|Travel Profile API 2.0|All partners and customers currently using Travel Profile API 2.0 will need to prepare their systems to support two new Gender values: Unknown and Unspecified. The support for those new values is planned to be released in Q1 2024.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Managed List|We will be releasing additional functionality to our list services with Managed Lists. A Managed List is a list in which all modifications to the list are restricted to a single app ID.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Payroll Integration Available Without Integration with Concur Solutions (ICS)|Payroll fields will be available through the Financial Integration Service (FIS) API. This allows users of the FIS API (partner apps or customers with custom integrations) to also use the API for payroll integration.
[05/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-05-04.html)|Get Cost Objects Request v4 API|This endpoint will allow external callers to view a Request’s approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Get Cost Object for Approver v4 API|Externalizing this endpoint allows external callers to view a report's approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report v4 APIs|These APIs will replace the [expense report workflow action v1.1 API](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/post-report-workflow-action.html). These v4 expense report workflow APIs are functionally similar to their v1 Post an Expense Report Workflow Action counterparts but will be available as separate actions. 
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
