---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, March 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, March 2023

## New This Month

### Planned Changes: Purchase Order Receipts Cannot be Deleted if Matched to an Invoice

In an upcoming release, the ability to delete Purchase Order Receipts by the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API if an invoice is matched to it will no longer be available. The current behavior allows Purchase Order Receipts to be deleted if an invoice is matched to it. This is different than the behavior for manually deleting Purchase Order Receipts which prevents a receipt from being deleted if matched to an invoice.

This update provides behavior parity for deleting Purchase Order Receipts manually and via the file import or API.

If a Purchase Order Receipt is matched to an invoice and the Purchase Order Receipt import file or Purchase Order Receipt v3 API is used to delete the receipt, then the receipt will not be deleted. An error message will provide the reason and identify the invoice(s) matched to the Purchase Order Receipt.

This change occurs automatically.

## Ongoing

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

With the decommission of the Concur Request v1 API on May 31st, 2023, calling the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 will no longer be possible. Please use the Event Subscription Services (ESS) to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation of Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1)|Effective March 1st, 2020, the Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1) have been deprecated. They have been replaced by [Request v4](/api-reference/request/v4.get-started.html). Decommission will follow on May 31st, 2023.
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until March 31, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission will follow on November 10th, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|Document Compliance Gateway v4 API|The Document Compliance Gateway v4 API will manage the transmission of an XML receipt file to a validating vendor. Vendors will be able to implement the API to read the XML file sent to SAP Concur's systems by the end user from an approved email. They will also be able to validate the XMLs against government records and return the validation result. In addition, the vendor will be able to read and parse the XML file to provide tax relevant data for creating an expense entry.
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|Document Compliance Gateway Event Available|With the release of the Document Compliance Gateway v4 API, we will also be releasing a Document Tax Compliance event to be used with our Event Subscription Service.
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|Financial Integration Services (FIS) v4 added fields to the Invoice Document Schema|FIS v4 will now include additional fields that can be used to not only better troubleshoot issues, but also adds compliance value.
[05/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-05-19.html)|Filters for Identity v4 API|We will be releasing SCIM formatted search filters for the Identity v4 API based on user attributes to help refine search results. This functionality will allow users to use attributes, logical operators, and grouping operators to improve search results to their specific requirements.
