---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, June 2023
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, June 2023

## New This Month

### Cards Integration v4 API Now Available

The Cards API provides certified partner financial institutions and fin-techs with an automated path for mutual clients to make self-service connections between the partner and Concur Expense and for the partner to subsequently submit Credit Card Account and Transaction data to Concur Expense in near real time.

This API is only available to partners who have been granted access.

### Managed List Feature Now Available

Additional functionality to our list services is now available with our Managed Lists feature. A Managed List is a list in which all modifications to the list are restricted to a single app ID. When a list is managed, only API calls from that managing app ID are authorized to make updates to the list items in the list.
 
### PubSub "statusChanged" Events Enhanced with Additional Workflow Information

We have modified the “statusChanged” events that are published for workflow with additional information in the internal stream. Workflow related information is not available in the external stream. See the [Concur Expense Event](/event-topics/expense/v4.expense-events.html) page for additional details.

### Mexico CFDI Integration Guide Now Available

We have added a guide to provide additional information for our [Mexico CFDI integration](/api-guides/expense/mexico-cfdi-integration).

### Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1

The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Please work with your representatives to migrate to the LEU v4 API.

### Decommission of Get Expense Entries List v1.1

The decommission of Get Expense Entries List v1.1 API occurred on May 31st, 2023. This has been replaced by [Retrieve Expenses on a Specific Report ID](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/v4.expenses.html#retrieve-expenses-on-a-specific-report-id-).

### Decommission of Get Location v1.1

The decommission of Get Locations v1.1 API occurred on May 31st, 2023. This has been replaced by [Get Locations v3](/api-reference/common/locations/v3.locations).

### List Item Bulk V4 API Now Available

List Item Bulk V4 API was released to our customers on May 19th. The List Item Bulk API provides an automated solution to clients who would like to add, update, and delete list items (up to 250 list items can be modified per bulk request).

### Planned Change: Payroll Integration Available Without Integration with Concur Solutions (ICS)

Prior to the July 2023 release, the Payroll Integration for Concur Expense required customers to have ICS. In the July 2023 release, the payroll fields will be available through the Financial Integration Service (FIS) API. This allows users of the FIS API (partner apps or customers with custom integrations) to also use the API for payroll integration.

The Payroll Integration now requires one of the following dependencies:

*	An active ICS integration with SAP ECC, SAP S/4HANA, or SAP S/4HANA Cloud
*	A custom integration (usually created by the Client Web Services team) that uses the FIS API
*	A partner app that uses the FIS API

This change provides the payroll documents via FIS API to customers and partners. This allows partners to create partner apps and customers to enable custom integrations using the payroll documents.

### Planned Change: Reports v4 - Get Reports to Approve Endpoint

We will be releasing the Get Reports to Approve v4 endpoint as part of [Reports v4](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/v4.reports.html). This endpoint retrieves all reports that a user can approve of as either an approver or delegate for an approver.

### Planned Change: Managed List

We will be releasing additional functionality to our list services with Managed Lists. A Managed List is a list in which all modifications to the list are restricted to a single app ID. When a list is managed, only API calls from that managing app ID are authorized to make updates to the list items in the list.

## Ongoing

### Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)

The decommission of the v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1 APIs is planned to conclude soon. Users that have not yet migrated to the Concur Request v4 APIs are strongly encouraged to make the required developments. Decommission is now ongoing since June 1st, 2021 and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will only be supported on a limited case-by-case basis. A new decommission date will be defined and the legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) will no longer be available into Production, in accordance with the SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy.

API Timeline for v1.0, v3.0, v3.1:

* Deprecation – March 1, 2020 – May 31, 2021
* Decommission – Since June 01, 2021

The Concur Request APIs v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1 only support the previous authentication method, which is not best security practice and does not meet the OAuth2 standards. In addition, the previous versions of the Concur Request APIs provided limited possibilities for moving a Request through the approval workflow, as well as managing custom simple & connected list fields. These issues are resolved with the new Concur Request v4 APIs.

In addition, SAP has run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 APIs (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 APIs.

Please work with your Concur representative to move from your current legacy Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1) towards the Request v4 APIs.

### Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)

The Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 API was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users relying on the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).

Please work with your organization to move from Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to Event Subscription Services (ESS).

For new users willing to take advantage of the Concur Request External Validation Workflow Feature, please work with your Concur representative to rely on the Concur Event Subscription Service and configure the Concur Request Workflow accordingly.

## Deprecations

APIs are being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-12-02.html)|Deprecation and Decommission of Vendor v3|Vendor v3 is being deprecated and decommissioned, users will have until November 30, 2023 to migrate to the latest version of the API.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[05/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-05-04.html)|End of life Legacy Agency Proposal integrated with Concur Request (relying on trip v1.1 API)|After June 30th, 2023, the Legacy Agency Proposal feature relying on the Trip v1.1 API will no longer be available in Production.
[05/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-05-04.html)|Get Cost Objects Request v4 API|This endpoint will allow external callers to view a Request’s approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Get Cost Object for Approver v4 API|Externalizing this endpoint allows external callers to view a report's approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report v4 APIs|These APIs will replace the [expense report workflow action v1.1 API](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/post-report-workflow-action.html). These v4 expense report workflow APIs are functionally similar to their v1 Post an Expense Report Workflow Action counterparts but will be available as separate actions. 
[02/03/23](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-02-03.html)|New Itinerary v4 API Endpoint for List of Trips with Travel Dates in a Specified Date Range|We will be introducing a new endpoint for the Itinerary v4 API to provide a list of company trips with travel dates in a specified date range. This additional functionality will provide customers and partners with a scalable, performant, and self-serve way to retrieve a list of trips with travel dates in a specified range as they onboard companies.
