---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, November 2024
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, November 2024

## New This Month

### Now Available: Verified Email Flag Management in SAP Concur Profile via Identity 4.1 and UPS 4.0 APIs

We have released a new feature that allows clients to manage the verified email flag within the SAP Concur user profile via the Identity 4.1 or UPS 4.0 APIs. This enhancement provides more flexibility and control over user profile management, improving user verification processes. Users will continue to have the option to verify their email addresses.

**Key Features**

* **Verified Email Flag Management:** Clients can now set or update the verified email flag for user profiles, ensuring that email addresses are correctly marked as verified within the SAP Concur system.
* **API Support:** The feature is available through both Identity 4.1 and UPS 4.0 APIs, allowing for seamless integration with your existing systems. Flat file support will follow next year.

**How to Use**

* During user creation or updating, set the emails.verified parameter within the Identity 4.1 or UPS 4.0 API to update the status.
* Refer to the Identity API [documentation](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html) for details on implementation and parameters.

**Benefits**

* Simplifies email management workflows.
* Reduces the need of manual intervention to set the value.

### Preview: Deeplink Integration for Travel Updates

In November, hotel deep link capabilities will be expanded to allow users to add a hotel to an existing trip. When the `tripID` is included in the hotel deep link, users will proceed directly to the hotel shop results page using the hotel parameters specified in the deep link. If hotel parameters are not included in the deep link (`tripID` only), then the user will proceed directly to the hotel shop results page based on the trip booking details. The check-in dates will be based on the departure date of the first flight and the checkout date will be based on the last flight in the itinerary. If a one way flight is booked, the check-out date is take from the trip end date. If no air is booked, then the trip start and end dates are used.  

## Ongoing

Not applicable.

## Previews

In general, this table lists items that will be shipping in the next 30-60 days. For a broader view of features that are coming, please see our [Road Map Explorer](https://roadmaps.sap.com/board?PRODUCT=089E017A62AB1EDA94C15F5EDB3400E1&range=CURRENT-LAST#Q3%202024).

Date|API|Preview
---|---|---
[05/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-05-09.html)|Retention Period for Credit Card Data Files|For compliance reasons, SAP Concur will be implementing a process wherein card data files received from external sources (Issuing banks, Card associations) will be deleted from systems after 90 days.
[01/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-01-11.html)|Hotel Service v4|Updates to Hotel Service v4 that will remove existing elements from the <Profiles> section relating to gender and name prefixes.

## Deprecations and Decommissions

APIs are being deprecated or decommissioned in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[03/2024](/tools/support/release-notes/api/2024-03-14.html)|Deprecation of Spend User Retrieval 4.0.|The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur in April 2025.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[01/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-01-05.html)|Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)|This callout was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
