---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, February 2024
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, February 2024

## New This Month

### Planned Changes: FIS / ICS Client Cash Advance Improvements

Two changes to the Cash Advance feature will be available in an upcoming release. 

* **Cash Advance Pass or Fail Check and Filter**: If a cash advance fails to be posted to the financial system, it will be filtered from the user’s view and be unavailable for addition to their expense report(s).
* **Automatic Status Change to Complete**: Once a cash advance is fully utilized it will be automatically changed from a status of Issued to a status of Complete.

These feature changes simplify cash advance functionality by listing only valid advances for addition to a report and clarifying the status of an advance that is fully utilized.

### Ongoing

### Planned Change: New Client SSL Certificate and Public Key for ESS webhook.api.concursolutions.com

In an effort to ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, ESS will be issuing a new webhook.api.concursolutions.com SSL certificate and public key.  
 
Any customer who has pinned previous certificate will need to update to the new certificate. If the pinned certificate is not updated prior, your organization and users will experience disruption to SAP Concur products and services. Customers who have not pinned the certificate do not need to take any action as the new certificate is updated automatically. Most customers do not pin the certificate. 
 
Please note that public key is changing as well. Applications that using digital signature validation will be affected and need to adopt new public key. 
 
New certificate and public key will be published on the SAP Concur Developer Center.  
 
>NOTE: As an enhancement to our Security and Compliance program, certificate will be updated at least once a year. 


## Deprecations and Decommissions

APIs are being deprecated or decommissioned in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[07/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-07-12.html)|Decommission of Password Provisioning via File Import|The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur on October 1st, 2023. 
[07/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-07-12.html)|Decommissioning of Password Provisioning|Beginning August 2nd, 2023, password provisioning for user accounts will not be supported.
[07/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-07-12.html)|Decommission of User v1 Password Endpoint|The decommission of the User v1 password endpoint will occur on July 28th, 2023.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[01/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-01-05.html)|Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)|This callout was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).
[12/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-12-02.html)|Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)|The decommission of the v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1 APIs is planned to conclude soon. Users that have not yet migrated to the Concur Request v4 APIs are strongly encouraged to make the required developments. 
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of Cash Advance v4|Effective October 1st, 2022, the Cash Advance v4 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Cash Advance v4.1](/api-reference/cash-advance/v4-1.cash-advance.html). Decommission will follow on October 2, 2023.
[10/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-10-14.html)|Deprecation of  Hotel Service v2|Effective October 14th, 2022, the Hotel Service v2 API is deprecated. This has been replaced by the release of [Hotel Service v4](/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.getting-started.html). Decommission will follow on October 16, 2023.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
[06/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-06-24.html#planned-travel-profile-deprecation)|Travel Profile Notification v1 API|We are deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.
[01/2020](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2020-04-17.html#ongoing-request-retirement)|List v1 API|We will be retiring the List v1 API in a future release. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API.

## Planned Changes

Date|API|Planned Change
---|---|---
[01/2024](/tool-support/release-notes/api/2024-01-11.html)|Hotel Service|Updates to Hotel Service v4 that will remove existing elements from the <Profiles> section relating to gender and name prefixes.
[11/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-11-02.html)|Expense Report v1.1|We will be adding a new request query parameter `includeInactive={Y/N}` to return both active and inactive delegators for a particular delegate. If this parameter is not present the API will return only active delegators (no change from current behavior).
[10/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-10-12.html)|Workflow v4|An upcoming documentation update will add a Workflow v4 page under the existing Expense v4 category. This page will be populated with existing expense workflow APIs, such as the Approve or Send Back a Report API, which historically has been a section on the Reports v4 page.
[09/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-09-07.html)|Travel Profile API 2.0|All partners and customers currently using Travel Profile API 2.0 will need to prepare their systems to support two new Gender values: Unknown and Unspecified. The support for those new values is planned to be released in Q1 2024.
[05/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-05-04.html)|Get Cost Objects Request v4 API|This endpoint will allow external callers to view a Request’s approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Get Cost Object for Approver v4 API|Externalizing this endpoint allows external callers to view a report's approver related cost objects within a cost object approval workflow.
[04/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-04-07.html)|Approve Report, Send Back Report, and Recall Report v4 APIs|These APIs will replace the [expense report workflow action v1.1 API](/api-reference/expense/expense-report/post-report-workflow-action.html). These v4 expense report workflow APIs are functionally similar to their v1 Post an Expense Report Workflow Action counterparts but will be available as separate actions. 
