---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, September 2024
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, September 2024

## New This Month

### Now Available: Expense Configuration v4 API  

Use the new Expense Configuration Service in GET operations for policies, payment types, and expense types. These operations allow for retrieval of all policies applicable to a user based on their `userId` or `policyId`, as specified. For more information, check out the [Expense Configuration v4](/api-reference/expense/expense-config/v4.expense.config.html).

### Preview: New Client SSL Certificate for ESS webhook.api.concursolutions.com

**Overview**

In an effort to ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, on October 22, 2024, ESS will be issuing a new webhook.api.concursolutions.com SSL certificate.

Any customer who has pinned this expiring certificate will need to update to the new certificate prior to the expiration date. If the pinned certificate is not updated prior, your organization and users will experience disruption to SAP Concur products and services. Customers who have not pinned the certificate do not need to take any action as the new certificate is updated automatically. Most customers do not pin the certificate.

> As an enhancement to our Security and Compliance program, this certificate will be updated on an annual basis

**Configuration / Feature Activation**

Please consult with your IT department to check if this applies to you.

### Preview: External Event Support for Spend and Travel Profile Changes

In October, we will release three external event topics to inform users when an users spend or travel profile is created, updated, or deleted within their company. After subscribing to the topic, users will be updated when a new identity is created with a URL to the identity. Update events will include the updated attributes included within the event and a URL to the identity to retrieve values.

### Preview: Updates to Travel Deep Links

In October, Hotel Deep Link will support GDS and CHS hotel property IDS using the parameter `location` coupled with the content source (for example, SABRE, AMADEUS,CWT) using `locationsource`. The deep link user will land on the hotel shopping results with the requested hotel at the top of the list when the GDS is the content source. (CHS providers determine the hotel sort order)
 
The user will be prompted to input the departure airport when the departure is excluded in the deep link and the home airport is not populated in the user profile. Users will have the option to save the airport to their profile. If the deep link contains the departure airport, we will use the airport in the deep link when displaying air shopping results. If the deep link is missing the departure airport and home airport is populated in the profile, then home airport will be used for the departure airport. The user will be prompted to input the destination airport if the destination airport is missing from the deep link.

## Ongoing

### Preview: PGP Key for File Transfers to be Replaced

Files transferred to SAP Concur solutions must be encrypted with the SAP Concur public PGP key. 

* A new PGP key, key ID 8C51C89E, will be available in the client’s root folder beginning on or before May 24, 2024. The file name will be concursolutions.asc.
* The current key, key ID 9AFF10B5, will expire on September 4, 2024, and should no longer be used.
  
> More information about migrating from the legacy key (key ID D4D727C0) to the new key (key ID 8C51C89E), will be provided in the June 2024 release notes.

The expiration date of the current key (key ID 9AFF10B5) cannot be changed. To ensure that file uploads continue to be processed after the key expires on September 4, 2024, clients must migrate to the new PGP key (key ID 8C51C89E) before the expiration date. 

If you are unable to migrate to the new key (key ID 8C51C89E) before September 4, 2024, you can manually upload files using the Import / Extract Monitor feature.

> For more information about the Import / Extract Monitor feature, refer to the [Shared: Import/Extract Monitor User Guide](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/_Current/UG_Shr/Shr_UG_IE_Monitor.pdf).

**Admin Experience**

When it becomes available, an administrator with the required file transfer credentials can log into the file transfer site to retrieve the public PGP key, concursolutions.asc, from the root directory. 

**Configuration**

When it becomes available, your internal file transfer administrator can add the new key to their PGP keyring and start using it to encrypt files being transferred to SAP Concur. If you require assistance, please contact SAP Concur support.

> For more information, refer to the [Shared: File Transfer for Customers and Vendors User Guide](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/ConcurPremier/UG_Shr/Shr_UG_FileTransfer.pdf). 

## Previews

In general, this table lists items that will be shipping in the next 30-60 days. For a broader view of features that are coming, please see our [Road Map Explorer](https://roadmaps.sap.com/board?PRODUCT=089E017A62AB1EDA94C15F5EDB3400E1&range=CURRENT-LAST#Q3%202024).

Date|API|Preview
---|---|---
[05/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-05-09.html)|Retention Period for Credit Card Data Files|For compliance reasons, SAP Concur will be implementing a process wherein card data files received from external sources (Issuing banks, Card associations) will be deleted from systems after 90 days.
[01/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-01-11.html)|Hotel Service v4|Updates to Hotel Service v4 that will remove existing elements from the <Profiles> section relating to gender and name prefixes.

## Deprecations and Decommissions

APIs are being deprecated or decommissioned in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[03/2024](/tools/support/release-notes/api/2024-03-14.html)|Deprecation of Spend User Retrieval 4.0.|The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur in April 2025.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[01/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2023-01-05.html)|Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)|This callout was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v1|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[11/2022](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2022-11-10.html)|Deprecation of User v3|Effective November 10th, 2022, the User v1 API has been deprecated. This has been replaced by [User Provisioning Service v4](/api-reference/user-provisioning/v4.user-provisioning.html). Decommission has been extended and will conclude on May 31st, 2024.
[04/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-04-16.html#planned-deprecation-bulk-user)|Bulk User v3.1 API|We have deprecated the Bulk User v3.1 API for the US and EMEA data centers. This API is replaced by [Identity v4](/api-reference/profile/v4.identity.html). Decommission will follow. Bulk User v3.1 will remain available for China data centers.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
