---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, December 2025
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, December 2025

## New This Month

### Preview: Endpoints for Admin Regions and Subdivisions in Localities v5

The Localities Service API suite will include a new set of v5 public GET APIs to retrieve data related to administrative regions and subdivisions, acting as a single source of truth for location-related information. They will provide similar coverage to the previous v3 and v4 APIs, which will be deprecated.
 
**Overview** 

The Localities Service will release three new GET API operations, as follows:

•	GET Subdivision by Code v5 API

Allows you to retrieve the subdivision details using a country code and subdivision code. 

•	GET AdminRegions v5 API

Allows you to retrieve administrative region details using a country code and subdivision code.

•	GET AdminRegion by Admin Region Id v5 API

Allows you to retrieve an administrative region details given an administrative region code.

### Now Available: Expense v4 Form Field APIs – Reports v4, Expenses v4

The Expense Report Service API suite now includes APIs to retrieve the configured form field details for specified expense reports and expenses. These APIs support both User and Company JWTs.

### Now Available: Retrieve Card Transactions by User with Cards v4 

The Cards Service API suite has been updated to include an endpoint to retrieve user credit card transactions. Only cleared card transactions received via file feed, or bespoke API integration are supported. Card transactions received via the Yodlee integration, including personal card transactions, are not exposed. This endpoint will initially support only User JWT authentication.

### Now Available: Patch Expense Taxes by Expense ID

The Expense Report Service API suite has been updated to include a mechanism to update tax details for a specified expense entry. These details include individual tax amounts, tax and reclaim code, and custom data. This endpoint initially only supports Company JWT authentication. The endpoint requires partners to have a specific scope to update the tax values.

### Updated Preview: Support for IPv6

The SAP Concur platform will support IPv6 for network communication to and from SAP Concur solutions via HTTPS and SFTP. This implementation is expected for Q4/2025. Previously, IPv6 was only supported for inbound HTTPS calls, and all other inbound and outbound calls supported only IPv4. Check out July's Release Notes for more details.

## Ongoing

###  Updated: New Client SSL Certificate for ESS webhook.api.concursolutions.com

**Overview**

In an effort to ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, on October 22, 2025, ESS issued a new webhook.api.concursolutions.com SSL certificate. We will always use the same client [x509](/api-reference/ess/2026.webhook.api.concursolutions.com.pem) certificate. The common name is C=DE, ST=Baden-Württemberg, L=Walldorf, O=SAP SE, CN=webhook.api.concursolutions.com.

Please note that this year not just the certificate has been reissued, but also the location, country, and organization in the certificate metadata is changing to SAP. 

Make sure you visit our [Troubleshooting](/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html#ess-troubleshooting) section in the Event Subscription Service v4 documentation.

### Updated: Public Certificate Root Change

To maintain compliance with evolving security standards and ensure uninterrupted compatibility with Mozilla-based browsers, we are transitioning our digital certificates to the updated DigiCert Global Root G2 and G3 authorities:

* DigiCert Global Root G2 – for RSA-based certificates

* DigiCert Global Root G3 – for ECDSA-based certificates

This proactive update follows DigiCert’s announcement regarding Mozilla’s planned deprecation of the DigiCert Global Root CA.

Adopting the new root certificates is critical to avoid potential trust errors or connection issues when accessing our services via Mozilla browsers.

Target Implementation Dates:

Certificate|Implementation Date
---|---
*.concurcdc.cn|Oct 2, 2025
*.api.concurcdc.cn|Oct 9, 2025
*.concursolutions.com|Oct 23, 2025
*.api.concursolutions.com|Nov 6, 2025

Clients who have not pinned the certificate do not need to take any action as the new certificate will automatically be updated when it becomes available. 

#### RECOMMENDATION – Please Read Carefully

**Certificate pinning is not recommended.**

While it may add a layer of control, pinning certificates introduces risks. Certificates used by SAP Concur are renewed on a regular basis. Pinned certificates are not updated automatically and may cause service disruptions if not updated before implementation date.

#### FOR SAP ICS Customers

Please refer to section 2 “**Which SSL certificates do I need to have installed**” of [2914977 - FAQ: Concur Certificates, Authentication, and Connectivity](https://me.sap.com/notes/2914977) for detailed instructions.

#### ACTION REQUIRED

If your systems **pin** the root or intermediate certificate, you must update your trust store to include the following certificates:

**RSA Certificates Download Links**

* Intermediate: [DigiCert Global G2 TLS RSA SHA256 2020 CA1](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalG2TLSRSASHA2562020CA1-1.crt.pem?_gl=1*i7c9wi*_gcl_au*MTI2NjY3MzYyMC4xNzMyNTAwNTAw)
* Root: [DigiCert Global Root G2](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalRootG2.crt.pem?_gl=1*102cn1j*_gcl_au*MTI2NjY3MzYyMC4xNzMyNTAwNTAw)
 
**ECDSA Certificates Download Links**

* Intermediate: [DigiCert Global G3 TLS ECC SHA384 2020 CA1](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalG3TLSECCSHA3842020CA1-2.crt.pem?_gl=1*htixu2*_gcl_au*MTY5MjI4Mjk2Ni4xNzQzOTg1ODYz)
* Root: [DigiCert Global Root G3](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalRootG3.crt.pem?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google&referrer=https://www.google.com/&_gl=1*1ouisuk*_gcl_au*MTUwNDgyOTI5OS4xNzQxMjQ2NDEy)

> Note: Most modern systems now prefer **ECDSA** for connections, while **RSA** is still used primarily by legacy systems. To ensure full compatibility, please ensure that your systems trust both **ECDSA and RSA certificates**.

**CERTIFICATE CHAIN LINKS**: (consist of end-entity, Intermediate, and Root certificates respectively). If your system is pinning the end-entity certificate, see the links below.
Please make sure to open the link in an Incognito or Private browser window to ensure there is no cached data causing outdated or incorrect content to appear.  

*.concursolutions.com

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)

*.api.concursolutions.com

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)

You can [test the certificate here](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CONCUR/c5d6d15e7ecb4b4d8238b383d59ac2f4/8430787301844a698c894eecf317b858.html?locale#test-the-certificate).

### Updated: Digital Certificates to be Transitioned to DigiCert Global Root G2 and G3 Authorities

The following change applies to the **Concur Cloud for Public Sector** data center: To maintain compliance with evolving security standards and ensure uninterrupted compatibility with Mozilla-based browsers, SAP Concur is transitioning our digital certificates to the following updated DigiCert Global Root G2 and G3 authorities:

* DigiCert Global Root G2 – for RSA-based certificates
* DigiCert Global Root G3 – for ECDSA-based certificates

Adopting the new root certificates is critical to avoid potential trust errors or connection issues when accessing our services via Mozilla browsers.

>**Note**: This proactive update follows DigiCert’s announcement regarding Mozilla’s planned deprecation of the DigiCert Global Root CA.

* Information First Published: October 10, 2025
* Applies to: All Products
* Applicable Data Centers: Concur Cloud for Public Sector

>**Note**: The information in this release note applies to the Concur Cloud for Public Sector data center. For information about Digital Certificate transitions for other data centers, refer to [**Ongoing** Digital Certificates to be Transitioned to DigiCert Global Root G2 and G3 Authorities](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CONCUR/c5d6d15e7ecb4b4d8238b383d59ac2f4/1164714ddbd044c5aeca870bbc4e4a3a.html) in the Release Notes section of these release notes.

Edition|Component|Administrator Action|Availability Target
---|---|---|---
Professional and Standard|Digital Certificates|Required|Refer to Availability Target Details

**Availability Target Details**: SAP Concur plans to implement the changes on the following schedule:

**Target Implementation Dates**

Certificate|Implementation Date and Time
---|---
usg.concursolutions.com|January 15, 2026 at 22:00 PDT
usg.api.concursolutions.com|January 22, 2026 at 22:00 PDT

Clients who have not pinned the certificate do not need to take any action as their certificate will be updated automatically. **Most clients do not pin the certificate.**

>**Note**: Certificate pinning is not recommended. To maintain compliance with evolving security standards, SAP Concur renews certificates on a regular basis. Pinned certificates are **not** updated automatically and failure to manually update them before the implementation date might cause service disruptions.

>**Note**: SAP ICS customers who follow the certificate handling processes described in the following note do not need to take any action: [2914977 - FAQ: Concur Certificates, Authentication, and Connectivity](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CONCUR/c5d6d15e7ecb4b4d8238b383d59ac2f4/1164714ddbd044c5aeca870bbc4e4a3a.html).

**Action is required if you pin certificates.** If your organization pins the root or intermediate certificate, you must update your trust store to include the new certificates before your scheduled update date to avoid service disruptions.
 
**Updated Root Certificates for Pinning Customers:**

RSA Certificate Chain:
* Intermediate: [DigiCert Global G2 TLS RSA SHA256 2020 CA1](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalG2TLSRSASHA2562020CA1-1.crt.pem?_gl=1*i7c9wi*_gcl_au*MTI2NjY3MzYyMC4xNzMyNTAwNTAw)
* Root: [DigiCert Global Root G2](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalRootG2.crt.pem?_gl=1*102cn1j*_gcl_au*MTI2NjY3MzYyMC4xNzMyNTAwNTAw)
  
 ECDSA Certificate Chain:
* Intermediate: [DigiCert Global G3 TLS ECC SHA384 2020 CA1](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalG3TLSECCSHA3842020CA1-2.crt.pem?_gl=1*htixu2*_gcl_au*MTY5MjI4Mjk2Ni4xNzQzOTg1ODYz)
* Root: [DigiCert Global Root G3](https://cacerts.digicert.com/DigiCertGlobalRootG3.crt.pem?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google&referrer=https://www.google.com/&_gl=1*1ouisuk*_gcl_au*MTUwNDgyOTI5OS4xNzQxMjQ2NDEy)

Complete chain: (end-entity, Intermediate and Root certificates, respectively) 

For usg.concursolutions.com

* [https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)
* [https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

For usg.api.concursolutions.com

* [https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)
* [https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/usg-api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

**Additional Note for usg.api.concursolutions.com:**

As part of our recent Digicert account migration from **Concur** to **SAP**, the organization information associated with usg.api.concursolutions.com certificates has been updated.

**From**:
subject=C=US, ST=Washington, L=Bellevue, O=Concur Technologies, Inc.,

**To**: 
subject=C=DE, ST=Baden-Württemberg, L=Walldorf, O=SAP SE

**Note**: This is an internal administrative change and does not affect certificate validity or functionality.

You can access and test the certificates by following the instructions in [Shared Release Notes](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_CONCUR/c5d6d15e7ecb4b4d8238b383d59ac2f4/be7724518e33480ea5d9ab4070b283d1.html).  Note that the release notes will be updated with the latest changes for usg.api.concursolutions.com in the month of November.
 
If you're unsure whether your organization pins certificates, please reach out to your IT department for guidance. You can also review additional details in us Shared Release Notes.

## Previews

In general, this table lists items that will be shipping in the next 30-60 days. For a broader view of features that are coming, please see our [Road Map Explorer](https://roadmaps.sap.com/board?PRODUCT=089E017A62AB1EDA94C15F5EDB3400E1&range=CURRENT-LAST#Q3%202024).

Date|API|Preview
---|---|---
[07/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-07-10.html)|New Attributes for Spend User v4.1|The Spend User v4.1 API will allow you to access the `processorReportAccess` field in the User Preference extension and the User extension will allow you to access the following fields: `officeLocationCountry`, `officeLocationStateProvince`, `officeLocationCity`.
[06/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-06-04.html)|Detokenizer (DTK) v5 API|The FIPS Compliant v5 Credit Card Detokenization API will be set to launch within the CCPS environment for IBCP customers. This compliance-driven initiative aligns with the Federal Information Processor Standards (FIPS) to ensure robust protection of sensitive data, per U.S. federal requirements.
[04/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-04-03.html)|New Fields Added to Financial Integration Services (FIS) v4 API|For customers of the Concur Expense Professional Edition using the Financial Integration Services (FIS) v4 API, additional fields will be included in the Expense report document payload and mileage fields will be added to the payroll document schema. 
[05/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-05-09.html)|Retention Period for Credit Card Data Files|For compliance reasons, SAP Concur will be implementing a process wherein card data files received from external sources (Issuing banks, Card associations) will be deleted from systems after 90 days.
[01/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-01-11.html)|Hotel Service v4|Updates to Hotel Service v4 that will remove existing elements from the <Profiles> section relating to gender and name prefixes.

## Deprecations and Decommissions

APIs are being deprecated or decommissioned in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[10/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-10-02.html)|Deprecation of Locations v3|Effective October 10, 2025, the Locations v3 API will be deprecated. This has been replaced by Localities v5. Decommission will follow.
[07/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-07-10.html)|Deprecation of Expense Group Configurations v3|Effective June 26, 2025, the Expense Group Configurations v3 API was deprecated. This has been replaced by the Expense Configuration v4 API. Decommission will follow.
[07/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-07-10.html)|Deprecation of Expense v3 DELETE |Effective June 26, 2025, Expense v3 DELETE was deprecated. This has been replaced by Expense v4 Delete. Decommission will follow.
[07/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-07-10.html)|Deprecation of Attendees v3 API|Effective July 1, 2025, the Attendees v3 API was deprecated. This has been replaced by Attendees v4. Decommission will follow.
[07/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-07-10.html)|Deprecation of Attendee Types v3 API|Effective July 1, 2025, the Attendee Types v3 API was deprecated. This has been replaced by Attendee Types v4. Decommission will follow.
[04/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-04-03.html)|Deprecation of Attendees v1, v1.1, and v2|Effective October 9, 2018, we have deprecated the Attendees v1, v1.1, and v2 APIs. Decommission will follow.
[03/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-03-14.html)|Deprecation of Spend User Retrieval 4.0.|The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur in April 2025.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[01/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2023-01-05.html)|Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)|This callout was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.
