---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, April 2025
layout: reference
---
# API Release Notes, April 2025

## New This Month

### Now Available: Single PNR solution for the Hotel Connector Booking

**Overview**

For bookings made through hotel connectors today, the SAP Concur platform creates a new PNR in the appropriate GDS and adds a passive segment to that PNR with details of the hotel booking made by the Hotel Connector. The Hotel Connector also creates a PNR in the GDS with the active segment. This causes issues for the TMC and the Hotel Connector as SAP Concur platform PNR is in the SAP Concur standard format and any changes have to be made manually as no PNR synch is available.

This Single PNR solution results in only one PNR created for the Hotel Connector booking. The solution allows us and the Hotel Connector to work in the PNR at the same time using `lock/release`. For GDS content, the Hotel Connector adds an active segment. For non-GDS content, the Hotel Connector adds a passive segment.

**API Details**

The `reservation/modify` request is sent with the SAP Concur platform PNR locator (`ConfirmationCodeType: CONCUR_GDS_REFERENCE`) to the Hotel Connector supplier. If the connector supports the single PNR solution the `ActiveSegmentInConcurPNR` flag is added to the `HSV4 ReservationDetails` and is handled in the `reservation/modify` response. If the booking is cancelled, we will forward the cancellation number in the `cancel` request to the Hotel Connector.

### Preview:  Travel Allowance Service from Third-Party Solutions 

The Travel Allowance v4 APIs will also support writing travel allowance itinerary data into SAP Concur platform from a third-party solution. Customers and Partners will be able to use the APIs to build custom solutions to enhance their business processes wherever travel allowance itineraries need to be created and updated from a third-party solution. This could be solutions for time recording, service management, staffing solutions in CRM systems, booking tools, and many more. The new feature will be automatically available, so no additional configuration or activation steps will be required. 

### Preview: New Report Events for Concur Expense 

Concur Expense Events will be amended to include two new events: `reportUpdated` and `reportDeleted`. They will be on the same `public.concur.expense.report` topic associated with this event group. These events will be published upon any report `update` or `delete` action whether through the product UI, an API such as the Update Unsubmitted Report, or other automated sources such as the Expense Assistant. 

### Preview: New Languages Supported 

The Malay and Slovenian languages will be added to the supported locales.  

### Preview: New Fields Added to Financial Integration Services (FIS) v4 API 

For customers using the Financial Integration Services (FIS) v4 API, additional fields will be included in the Expense report document payload and mileage fields will be added to the payroll document schema. This change will provide enhanced features to customers using Concur Expense Professional Edition. 

## Ongoing

### Preview: SSL Certificate Renewal for *.concursolutions.com and *api.concursolutions.com

**Updated with links to new certificates.**

Starting in October 2025, DigiCert Global Root CA will be replaced by DigiCert Global Root G2. To ensure clients have adequate time to prepare for this Root certificate change, SAP Concur plans to renew the certificates for *.concursolutions.com and *api.concursolutions.com in March 2025.

>**Note**: The intermediate certificate and Root certificate for *.concursolutions.com and *.api.concursolutions.com will not change in March 2025. Only the end-entity certificate (leaf certificate) will be updated.

**Availability Target Details**: The intermediate certificate and Root certificate for *.concursolutions.com and *.api.concursolutions.com will not change in March 2025.

SAP Concur plans to issue new certificates as follows:

* 6PM PST on March 21, 2025 (*.concursolutions.com)
* 6PM PST March 27, 2025 (*.api.concursolutions.com)

The current certificates will expire as follows:

* 23:59 GMT on May 13, 2025 (*.concursolutions.com)
* 23:59 GMT on August 2, 2025 (*.api.concursolutions.com)

Clients who have not pinned the expiring certificate do not need to take any action as their expiring certificate will be renewed automatically. **Most clients do not pin the certificate.**

>**Note**: SAP ICS customers who follow the certificate handling processes described in the following note do not need to take any action:[2914977 - FAQ: Concur Certificates, Authentication, and Connectivity](https://me.sap.com/notes/2914977).

**User Experience**

Clients who have pinned an expiring certificate must update to the new certificate before the new certificate is issued at 6PM PST on March 20, 2025 (*.concursolutions.com) or at 6PM PST on March 27, 2025 (*.api.concursolutions.com).

Clients who have pinned the certificate and who do not update it with the new certificate before it is renewed, will experience disruption to SAP Concur products and services.

**Configuration / Feature Activation**

>**IMPORTANT!** Certificate pinning is not recommended, and you do so at your own risk. To support security for SAP Concur solutions, security certificates are renewed regularly. Pinned certificates are not renewed automatically and, if a pinned certificate is not renewed before it expires, the pinned certificate can cause a disruption of service.

To avoid disruption of service, clients who pin their security certificates must pin both the RSA and ECDSA certificates. Clients may obtain the new certificates from the following web pages:

*.concursolutions.com

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

*.api.concursolutions.com

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_RSA.pem)

[https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem](https://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/api-concursolutions-com-chain_ECDSA.pem)

>**Note**:If you are not sure whether your *concursolutions.com certificate is pinned, consult with your IT department.

## Previews

In general, this table lists items that will be shipping in the next 30-60 days. For a broader view of features that are coming, please see our [Road Map Explorer](https://roadmaps.sap.com/board?PRODUCT=089E017A62AB1EDA94C15F5EDB3400E1&range=CURRENT-LAST#Q3%202024).

Date|API|Preview
---|---|---
[03/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-03-06.html)|Cash Advance Associations v4 APIs for Reports|The Expense Report Service API suite will be updated to include APIs to retrieve, update, and delete cash advance associations to a report.
[03/2025](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2025-03-06.html)|Support of Hotel Date Modification for Hotel Connectors|Hotel connectors will support the modification of check-in and check-out dates using the Hotel Service v4 Modify endpoint. This will allow users to change their dates of stay without having to cancel and rebook.
[05/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-05-09.html)|Retention Period for Credit Card Data Files|For compliance reasons, SAP Concur will be implementing a process wherein card data files received from external sources (Issuing banks, Card associations) will be deleted from systems after 90 days.
[01/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-01-11.html)|Hotel Service v4|Updates to Hotel Service v4 that will remove existing elements from the <Profiles> section relating to gender and name prefixes.

## Deprecations and Decommissions

APIs are being deprecated or decommissioned in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

Date|API|Details
---|---|---
[03/2024](/tools-support/release-notes/api/2024-03-14.html)|Deprecation of Spend User Retrieval 4.0.|The decommission of password provisioning via file import will occur in April 2025.
[06/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2023-06-02.html)|Deprecation of Launch External URL Callout v1|The Launch External URL V1 API is deprecated as of June 16th, 2023. Decommission will follow.
[01/2023](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2023-01-05.html)|Move from the Travel Request External Validation Callout v1 to the Event Subscription Service (ESS)|This callout was designed to work with the Concur Request v1 API that is in the process of being decommissioned. Users are strongly recommended to move to the Event Subscription Services (ESS) in order to subscribe to the [Request events](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html).
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-deprecation)|List v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List v4](/api-reference/common/lists/v4.list.html) API. List v3 is planned to be retired in a future release.
[01/2021](/tools-support/release-notes/api/archive/2021-01-22.html#planned-list-item-deprecation)|List Item v3 API|Effective April 16, 2021, we have deprecated the List Item v3 API. This API is replaced by the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API. List Item v3 is planned to be retired in a future release. Please migrate to the [List Item v4](/api-reference/common/list-item/v4.list-item.html) API as soon as possible.