---
title: Spend Documents v4
layout: reference
---

# Spend Documents V4

This is a limited release of the Spend Documents v4 API. This API supports downloading of the following compliance documents:

- Fapiao OFD uploaded via the SAP Concur WeChat Mini app.
- GRDC Documents uploaded via SAP Concur Mobile.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This API is only available to partners who have been granted access. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the API. This API is available in US and EMEA data centers.

## <a name="products-editions"></a>Products and Editions

* Concur Expense Professional Edition
* Concur Expense Standard Edition

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Name|Description|Endpoint
---|---|---
`spenddocs.receipts.compliance.read`|Read access to receipt compliance information|GET /spend-documents/v4/receipts/{receiptId}/representations?type=compliance

## <a name="dependencies"></a>Dependencies

The user can use the Identity v4 API to retrieve the `userId` and `companyId`.

## <a name="access-token-usage"></a>Access Token Usage

This API supports user and company level access tokens only.

### Scopes

Refer to [Scope Usage](#scope-usage) for full details.

* `spenddocs.receipts.compliance.read`

## <a name="get-receipt-representations"></a>Get Receipt Representations

This endpoint returns compliance representations of a receipt by receipt Id.

#### URI

```shell
GET https://{datacenterURI}/spend-documents/v4/receipts/{receiptId}/representations?type=compliance
```


#### Parameters

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`receiptId`|`string`|	-	|**Required**

#### Response

#### Status Codes

* [200 OK](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.3.1)
* [400 Bad Request](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.5.1)
* [403 Forbidden](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.5.3)

